D2003835	The HP LaserJet C4127A Ultraprecise Print Cartridge is perfect for users who are looking for a low volume, low purchase price solution. The Ultraprecise cartridge is designed for the HP LaserJet 4000 and 4050 Series printers to ensure optimum print quality. Yield: 6, 000 pages, based on 5% average coverage. It provides lighter users with a standard capacity print cartridge at a low price. With features like Dual PolymerToner particles, Helical Roller Drive, Magnetic Seals, and HP Pull Tab, HP Ultraprecise cartridges set the standard for optimum quality output.
D2003836	The HP C4127X Ultraprecise Print Cartridge prints approximately 10, 000 pages and is perfect for medium to high volume users who value the added convenience of increased output and a lower overall cost of ownership. It is designed for the HP LaserJet 4000 and 4050 Series printers to ensure optimum print quality. Yield: 10, 000 pages, based on 5% average coverage.The C4127X Print Cartridge offers 65% higher capacity for excellent value - 20% cost-per-page savings. With features like Dual Polymer Toner particles, Helical Roller Drive, Magnetic Seals, and HP Pull Tabs, HP Ultraprecise cartridges set the standard for optimum quality output.
D2003837	The HP LaserJet C4129X Ultraprecise Print Cartridge for the HP LaserJet 5000 and 5100 Series printers produces optimum quality output. The higher yield cartridge offers users a long lasting, reliable cartridge which reduces the number of cartridge replacements and printer down-time. This higher yield cartridge also provides customers with a low overall cost of ownership.
D2004104	The HP No. 45 black Inkjet print cartridge provides rich black printouts for professional-looking documents every time. The HP No. 45 is designed to work with plain papers and HP Inkjet specialty papers and transparency films. The HP No. 45 regular black Inkjet print cartridge provides quality, affordability and durability. It is ideal for frequent and large-volume printer users as a convenient, cost-effective choice. Specially developed HP black pigment ink delivers professional-quality results every time you print. The HP No. 45 cartridge is priced to deliver a competitive cost on every printed page. The HP No. 45 is designed to work together with HP printers and papers for results are always clear and sharp.
D2004147	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.The HP LaserJet 92298A print cartridge is ideal for the average user in home or office. It offers microfine toner for the HP LaserJet printers, for clear and sharp results. This cartridge is a standard choice for average use in office or home.
D2004149	The HP LaserJet C3903A print cartridge is ideal for business or home users who need professional-quality laser output. Microfine black toner is designed for clean, sharp results.
D2004481	HP LaserJet 92A ultraprecise print cartridge is designed to work precisely with HP LaserJet 1100 and 3200 Series printers for optimum output and reliability. An affordable cartridge that fits into your budget, without sacrificing LaserJet print quality. Ultraprecise cartridge advancements ensure breakthrough quality and usability.
D2004491	The HP C4182X Ultraprecise Print Cartridge is perfect for users who value the convenience of increased output and a lower overall cost of ownership. It was designed for the HP LaserJet 8100 family of printers to ensure optimum print quality.
D2004529	Information technology professionals rely on HP quality to ensure maximum productivity. As the power of applications, processors, memory adapters and storage devices increases, high-end computer users are seeking ways to optimize their system performance. HP provides leading solutions, adding new levels of performance, availability, flexibility, and management.
D2005902	HP black inkjet print cartridges ensure that your documents make a lasting impression. HP's uniquely formulated inks and print head electronics are your guarantee of precision performance with your HP printer. A snap to install, HP inkjet print cartridges offer water-resistant system-specific ink for unmatched reliability and clog-free, trouble-free printing. Crisp, sharp output is guaranteed every time.This cartridge is for use with ThinkJet/QuietJet/XL series.
D2009377	The APC Relay I/O module is a management product that provides the UPS status information presented as six, form C, contact closures. It also provides UPS control and testing by contact closure inputs. It features screw terminal connectors for easy integration into various management systems.
D2009817	The C4096A is a one-part Ultraprecise Print Cartridge with new toner formulation and cartridge design. It is specifically designed to work with the HP LaserJet 2100 and 2200 Series printers to ensure optimal printing of text and graphics. The C4096A Print Cartridge provides professional LaserJet print quality that is a great choice for every type of printing need, with superior detail and gray-scale quality allowing for attention-getting, persuasive documents. It's a robust solution able to support the demands of small group printing. Printing results are consistent with HP's reputation as the leader in laser printing. Prints approximately 5, 000 pages, based on 5% average coverage.
D2039541	The HP No. 78 Tri-Color Inkjet Print Cartridge (19 ml) has been introduced for occasional color printing, featuring outstanding plain-paper image quality as well as photo-image quality on special media, and the best combination of speed and print quality in any print mode. It combines speed and print quality for uncompromised output in any mode and on a wide variety of HP specialty media and also plain paper. It features same printhead design and quality plus genuine HP engineered ink formulation as in the 38 ml cartridges.Each HP inkjet print cartridge consists of an integrated printhead and ink supply; designed for easy snap-out/drop-in for clean, fast replacement. The result is a new printhead and fresh ink every time the print cartridge is exchanged for maximum print quality and reliability.
D2040489	This laptop security product finally provides a computer security solution with nothing to lose! Everyday nearly 1, 000 laptop computers are stolen - protect your laptop computer and its valuable data with this affordable laptop security product - the DEFCON CL. The DEFCON Cable Lock (CL) is 2.1 meters of cut-resistant, galvanized steel cable that loops around any secure object and easily attaches to your laptop computer's lock slot. DEFCON CL features a user-settable combination lock with up to 10, 000 possible settings. The DEFCON CL is the first laptop computer security product to offer the benefits and convenience of a keyless security solution.
D2115410	The HP no. 78 tri-color inkjet print cartridge provides outstanding plain-paper image quality, photo-image quality on special media, exceptional lightfastness, and the best combination of speed and print quality in any print mode. The HP no. 78 tri-color inkjet print cartridges also include a new printhead to automatically "tune up" the print quality with every cartridge replacement. Through a carefully crafted combination of ink chemistry, nozzle count, drop size, and firing frequency, the cartridge delivers unsurpassed HP print quality at top speed.
D2151199	The Defcon 1 Ultra is a versatile battery powered anti-theft alarm system that guards your notebook in more locations and situations than any other device you can buy. The Defcon 1 Ultra combines a security cable, resettable four-digit combination lock providing up to 10,000 unique combinations, a lock slot adapter that fits into the security slot found on most notebook computers, a 105 dB alarm and a motion sensor with adjustable sensitivity. The retractable steel cable is run through the computer lock slot adapter, and around a fixed object (such as a desk) and back to the Defcon 1 Ultra to secure the computer. The Defcon 1 Ultra also attaches to your Targus carrying case.
D2182325	The HP no. 15 black inkjet print cartridge is designed to feature proprietary HP pigmented ink. The HP no. 15 black inkjet print cartridge works with HP no. 78 tri-color and HP no. 17 tri-color inkjet print cartridges to deliver outstanding print quality on any paper.
D2238981	The HP no. 17 tri-color inkjet print cartridge delivers vibrant, photo-quality color output. It features fast-drying ink, simple drop-in installation, and an integrated design to ensure premium-quality documents and photos when used with your HP Deskjet printer. The HP no. 17 tri-color inkjet print cartridge is designed to work with the HP no. 15 black inkjet print cartridge. The print cartridge works with a variety of papers and films to deliver clear, sharp results every time.
D2290821	Take your sound anywhere, everywhere! Talk with friends online, or chat with opponents in a game with a TerraTec headset with microphone. Convenient adjustable microphone used for sound input and compact lightweight headset are just a second away from the best multimedia experience.
D2309279	Delta Millennium offers a Cartoon Character series computer kit, including mouse and mouse pad.
D2394971	The FS100 series Fast Ethernet switches bring the 100 Mbps switching technology in a compact form factor to the small office marketplace at an aggressive price. These switches segment networks for improved performance, enabling the most demanding multimedia and imaging applications. Since each port is auto-speed-sensing, individual hubs or directly attached servers can easily be upgraded from 10 to 100 Mbps.
D2425238	This power cable is intended for AC adapter for Acer TravelMate and Aspire Notebooks.
D2438893	TEAC FD05PUB is fully compatible to Mac and PC systems. It reads and writes 1.44MB Mac diskettes as well as 1.44MB and 720K PC diskettes insuring that your system can work with all your previous data.The FD05PUB floppy drive utilizes the Universal Serial Bus (USB) interface connector that comes standard on Mac and PC systems. The hot-swappable USB interface provides plug and play convenience by eliminating the need to turn off or restart the system when connecting. Its simple one-cable connector eliminates the need for a separate power cord that's found on other drives. The FD05PUB is based on TEAC's industry leading 3.5", 1.44MB floppy drive - the same drive that found in many of today's leading desktop and notebook computers.
D2455046	Kingston is the world's largest independent memory manufacturer. In today's performance-driven environment, memory upgrades provide an easy, economical alternative to increase system performance. Every memory product Kingston offers is designed to help you get maximum performance at the best price to you.
D2456687	FS100 series Fast Ethernet Switches provide your LAN with high-speed, 10/100 Mbps auto-sensing connectivity for as many as 5, 8, or 16 users. Just plug in your Ethernet cables, connect a power cord, and you're ready to go - there's no software to configure. Engineered without the need for internal fans, they operate silently. And each of these very compact switches is housed in a sturdy metal case for years of dependable use.The FS108 Fast Ethernet Switch features the 100 Mbps switching technology in a compact form that is best for the small office marketplace at a competitive price. This switch splits the network into smaller, connected subnets for improved performance, enabling the most demanding multimedia and imaging applications.
D2491752	Samsung is one of the top-ten electronics manufacturers in the world and an acknowledged leader in the digital convergence revolution. Since its inception, Samsung has successfully transitioned from an analog driven product line to a cutting-edge and award-winning digital innovator.
D2491755	Samsung is one of the top-ten electronics manufacturers in the world and an acknowledged leader in the digital convergence revolution. Since its inception, Samsung has successfully transitioned from an analog driven product line to a cutting-edge and award-winning digital innovator.
D2569876	Kingston is the world's largest independent memory manufacturer. In today's performance-driven environment, memory upgrades provide an easy, economical alternative to increase system performance. Every memory product Kingston offers is designed to help you get maximum performance at the best price to you.
D2579791	HP LaserJet 61A smart print cartridge is designed to work precisely with HP LaserJet 4100 Series printers for optimum output and reliability. The cartridge features HP Smart Print Supplies System - an intelligent system for carefree printing. Enhanced smart product features include supplies status and usage information, no-shake cartridge, EP adjustments and cartridge authentication. An ideal cartridge solution for users who want to simplify monitoring and ordering their printing supplies.
D2579792	The HP C8061A/X print cartridges contain smart chips that work with the printer to monitor and display supplies levels, enhance print quality and simplify supplies ordering. The maximum capacity print cartridge C8061X is designed for high-volume printing environments.
D2596834	FRITZ! is the complete data communications solution for ISDN. For Internet access, e-mail, fax, PC telephony and file transfer: the FRITZ! package contains all the hardware and software you need to put your PC on ISDN. And FRITZ! is proven, a million times over.PRODUCT FEATURES:Internal ISDN card for the PCI slot;FRITZ! software with modules for all kinds of PC communications, including a firewall;Reliable protection against dialer programs with ISDNWatch;Easy to use; TUV-certified ergonomics;Idle connections cleared down automatically (Short-Hold Mode);Second B channel automatically released for incoming calls;Fast Internet over ISDN for up to 240 kbit/s.
D2606983	HP LaserJet 15A ultraprecise print cartridge is designed to work precisely with the HP LaserJet 1000/1200/1220/3300 Series printers for output that is always clear, always sharp. Ultraprecise advancements and an economical price provide an ideal cartridge solution for the low-volume user who values HP reliability and quality with every printed page.
D2609531	Trust is the only manufacturer who provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of computer and game console accessories, which increases both the functionality and creativity. Trust is anticipating the wishes of the consumers who, besides functionality, are paying increasingly more attention to design and color. All Trust products will be given a "new edge" style and be completely in line with the new millennium.This headset consists of a high-quality stereo headphones and an adjustable condenser microphone. It has operating voltage 1.5-10 V DC, supplied by sound card, for most of which it is suitable.
D2622189	Maximum capacity, HP LaserJet 15X ultraprecise print cartridge is designed to work precisely with the selected HP LaserJet printers for output that is always clear, always sharp. Ultraprecise advancements and an economical price provide an ideal cartridge solution for the high-volume user who values HP reliability and quality with every printed page. Ultraprecise advancements in the C7115X cartridge include dual polymer toner and a helical roller drive.
D2628024	The Back-UPS CS provides professional-grade power protection for office and home office systems. Battery powered & surge protected power outlets, built-in phone/fax/modem line (DSL compatible) protection, safe system shutdown software with sophisticated power management features and pro-active audio-visual status indicators ensure office systems and their valuable data are protected from dangerous power surges, spikes and blackouts. Serial or USB connectivity gives users more flexibility making installation quicker and easier. Easy access to a hot-swappable, user-replaceable battery also makes servicing the Back-UPS CS hassle-free. These features along with its classic styling make the Back-UPS CS a perfect choice for protecting your important office and home office systems.
D2628025	The Back-UPS CS provides professional-grade power protection for office and home office systems. Battery powered & surge protected power outlets, built-in phone/fax/modem line (DSL compatible) protection, safe system shutdown software with sophisticated power management features and pro-active audio-visual status indicators ensure office systems and their valuable data are protected from dangerous power surges, spikes and blackouts. Easy access to a hot-swappable, user-replaceable battery also makes servicing the Back-UPS CS hassle-free. These features along with its classic styling make the Back-UPS CS a perfect choice for protecting your important office and home office systems.
D2630982	Samsung is one of the top-ten electronics manufacturers in the world and an acknowledged leader in the digital convergence revolution. Since its inception in 1969, Samsung has successfully transitioned from an analog driven product line to a cutting-edge and award-winning digital innovator.
D2657099	HP consumables are engineered to work with your HP printers to get optimum print quality results. HP's family of consumables and supplies provides a full range of solutions for your printing needs.With its 30, 000-page capacity and its intelligent smart print features the HP C8543X print cartridge ensures maximum printer uptime. It offers consistent first-to-last page print quality, high reliability, simple installation and efficient management.
D2702629	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. The company's extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Canon products include full-color as well as black-and-white copiers, printers, micrographics and image filing systems, facsimile machines, calculators, cameras and lenses, camcorders, semiconductor, broadcast and optical equipment, flatbed scanners, and other specialized industrial products.
D2732735	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. The company's extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Canon products include full-color as well as black-and-white copiers, printers, micrographics and image filing systems, facsimile machines, calculators, cameras and lenses, camcorders, semiconductor, broadcast and optical equipment, flatbed scanners, and other specialized industrial products.
D2756346	Experience the fast Internet access with TRENDnet's 56Kbps (V.90) high speed USB fax modem. Simply plug it into the USB port on the PC or notebook computer for easy and fast connectivity. TRENDnet's USB fax modem can be connected to or disconnected from the computer without turning off the system. With the highest possible data communication rates at 56Kbps/V.90, reliable error-free transmission and widespread interoperability with other users can be accomplished. TRENDnet's TFM-560U provides fast and easy installation.
D2756391	TRENDnet's TE100-S55E, 5-port palm-sized 10/100Mbps N-way Ethernet Switch, presents the perfect choice for small workgroups for any desktop space. It allows users to simply plug any port to either a 10Mbps or 100Mbps network to multiply bandwidth, boost response time and satisfy heavy load demands. With 5 ports readily available, The TE100-S55E is easy to install and expand. The N-way ports automatically negotiate between 10BaseT and 100BaseTX network speeds, as well as between half- and full-duplex modes. Thus, any port is capable of uplinking to Fast Ethernet or downlinking to Ethernet. The TE100-S55E provides cost-effective, and high-performance solutions.
D2763062	Samsung is one of the top-ten electronics manufacturers in the world and an acknowledged leader in the digital convergence revolution. Since its inception in 1969, Samsung has successfully transitioned from an analog driven product line to a cutting-edge and award-winning digital innovator.
D2770393	Cherry's line of general-purpose data-entry keyboards combines unmatched reliability and precise key action with proven ergonomic design and comfort to provide the highest levels of performance, even during high-speed or repeated actuation. With keyboards available in a variety of configurations and over 34 different language layouts, Cherry is able to offer a solution, no matter what your application demands. As the leader in mechanical and membrane keyswitch technologies, Cherry is able to offer a variety of solutions to match your particular keyboard needs.
D2796662	Enjoy optical precision with this sleek and efficient 5 button programmable mouse. Style and optical technology converge on your system with the WOP-35. Get more efficient Internet navigation without using the toolbars or keyboard. The two thumb buttons act as forward and backward buttons in your browser. Or, you can program them to carry out your favorite commands in most popular applications.Two unique buttons act as forward and back buttons in your browser. They can also be programmed to carry out your favorite commands in most popular applications. Two advanced scrolling wheels save time and wrist pain. Simply roll the wheels forward or backward instead of clicking on vertical and horizontal scrollbars or arrows.
D2798745	Cherry Corporation designs, manufactures and markets automotive switches, sensors and modules, general purpose and advanced performance keyboards, switches and electronic controls. Cherry's advanced components and subsystems are used to produce reliable, efficient and innovative products for its clients. Cherry's extensive line of computer keyboards and related accessories is designed to bring you maximum comfort and to make your work more productive.
D2803060	APC Smart-UPS protects critical data by supplying reliable, network-grade power in either traditional tower or rack-optimized form factors. Award-winning Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for protecting business critical servers, voice and data networks, point of sale, retail/bank back office and ATMs. Designed and manufactured by APC, Smart-UPS remains the industry standard for all network UPSs. Smart-UPS is a UPS businesses trust for their critical applications.
D2831300	Sony provides superior performance for all its products and this floppy drive is not an exception. It features a reliable and durable mechanism that allows you to use it for many years without problems. This floppy drive reads and writes standard 1.44MB floppy disks.
D2833084	Canon printers are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your printer the finest it deserves.
D2833086	Canon printers are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your printer the finest it deserves.
D2842694	BestMedia is one of the renowned European manufacturers of label and media products. BestMedia's most ambitious goal is the complete satisfaction of the customer. BestMedia reacts to today's request by offering an optimal service for your entire needs. Its quality assurance guarantees the highest standards.
D2847533	Specifically designed to address the needs of music lovers who enjoy active lifestyles. It's lightweight, comfortable, extremely portable and delivers clear, crisp sound.
D2850501	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D2850530	Canon printers are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your printer the finest it deserves.
D2850531	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D2850532	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D2850533	Canon printers are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your printer the finest it deserves.
D2854360	Kingston is the world's largest independent memory manufacturer. In today's performance-driven environment, memory upgrades provide an easy, economical alternative to increase system performance. Every memory product Kingston offers is designed to help you get maximum performance at the best price to you.
D2856851	The HP 57 Tri-color Inkjet print cartridge is an integrated print cartridge (printhead and ink supply are not separated) developed to provide great print quality, fast speeds, and small size for the personal printing market.
D2884528	The DEFCON KL (Key Lock) is a sturdy locking device featuring a 6 foot 6 inch steel cable, with a pass through loop on one end, and lock on the other end. Any attempts to remove it, will noticeably damage the computer, preventing resale and therefore discouraging theft. The lock utilizes the security slot already built into your notebook computer, and attaches to the notebook using the same method as the DEFCON CL (Cable Lock). The Key Lock also ships with 2 identical keys, giving you the peace of mind of a back-up key.
D2919836	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D2919839	Canon printers are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your printer the finest it deserves.
D2920156	Safe, fast, remote network management is a necessity in today's business environment. As devices continue to evolve into increasingly smarter network appliances, the relationship between power availability and network availability becomes even more critical. Network administrators must be able to control their entire infrastructure with absolute confidence. APC Network Management Cards provide full management of UPSs via multiple open standards like Telnet, HTTP, FTP, and SNMP. They are full-featured, robust power management products designed to work with Network Management Systems. Furthermore, the built-in web interface and Email eliminate the necessity of an SNMP NMS bringing remote UPS management to everyone who needs it.Using the 10BaseT and 10/100BaseT Network Management Cards, you can monitor and configure your APC UPSs to shut down and reboot your computer systems, send Email alerts and view the event log. With a WAP enabled mobile phone you can check the status of most Smart-UPS and Matrix-UPSs. The 10/100 Network Management card adds scheduling and data logging along with a modular design for future features.
D2936282	Canon's personal copiers are easy to use and need no maintenance. Both fine toner and drum are included in Canon's unique and easily exchangeable sealed cartridge. The result: an as good as new copier with every cartridge change! Thanks to Canon's special cartridge, the cost per copy is lower than that of similar machines. Further cost reductions are achieved by energy saving features such as no warm-up time and automatic switch-off.
D2936289	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D2936290	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D2936291	Canon started out as a company with a handful of employees and a burning passion. That company soon became a world-renowned camera maker and is now a global multimedia corporation. Canon will continue to use its technologies to benefit people as it pursues its objective of becoming a company that is loved by people throughout the world.Canon products are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your Canon product the finest it deserves.
D2936293	Canon started out as a company with a handful of employees and a burning passion. That company soon became a world-renowned camera maker and is now a global multimedia corporation. Canon will continue to use its technologies to benefit people as it pursues its objective of becoming a company that is loved by people throughout the world.Canon products are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your Canon product the finest it deserves.
D2936294	Canon started out as a company with a handful of employees and a burning passion. That company soon became a world-renowned camera maker and is now a global multimedia corporation. Canon will continue to use its technologies to benefit people as it pursues its objective of becoming a company that is loved by people throughout the world.Canon products are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your Canon product the finest it deserves.
D2936295	Canon started out as a company with a handful of employees and a burning passion. That company soon became a world-renowned camera maker and is now a global multimedia corporation. Canon will continue to use its technologies to benefit people as it pursues its objective of becoming a company that is loved by people throughout the world.Canon products are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your Canon product the finest it deserves.
D2959764	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D2959765	Canon printers are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your printer the finest it deserves.
D2959766	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D2969806	Smart-UPS protects your data by supplying network-grade battery backup when power fails. With PowerChute plus software the uninterruptible power supply (UPS) will safely store data and shut down your network operating system before the battery is fully discharged, whether you're there or not. SmartSlot internal accessory slot allows you to install optional accessories to enhance the performance of your UPS. APC Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for fileservers, minicomputers, UNIX CPUs, Internet hubs, telecommunications systems and other mission-critical applications.
D2975591	Canon is an industry leader in professional and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Canon's extensive product line enables businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store and distribute visual information. Canon offers a specially designed soft carrying case that provides stylish protection for your PowerShot camera during transportation and storage.This soft case can be used to carry the camera, battery pack, CF card and the wireless controller.
D2976546	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D2984376	Canon started out as a company with a handful of employees and a burning passion. That company soon became a world-renowned camera maker and is now a global multimedia corporation. Canon will continue to use its technologies to benefit people as it pursues its objective of becoming a company that is loved by people throughout the world.Canon products are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your Canon product the finest it deserves.
D2984414	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D2984415	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D2984416	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D2984501	Acer realizes that various users have various needs. And that there is no such thing as one computer fits all. That's why Acer now makes it possible to configure your machine offering this highly reliable and durable drive.
D3000100	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Whatever the product, Canon’s emphasis on quality as well as original technologies has earned the trust of customers around the world.
D3000665	Canon's patented Single Cartridge System takes all the worry out of maintenance, with one easy-to-replace cartridge. The A 30 Cartridge is specifically designed for use with your Canon Personal Copier.
D3001875	Kingston is the world's largest independent memory manufacturer. In today's performance-driven environment, memory upgrades provide an easy, economical alternative to increase system performance. Every memory product Kingston offers is designed to help you get maximum performance at the best price to you.
D3006152	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D3006153	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D3018774	Canon started out as a company with a handful of employees and a burning passion. That company soon became a world-renowned camera maker and is now a global multimedia corporation. Canon will continue to use its technologies to benefit people as it pursues its objective of becoming a company that is loved by people throughout the world.Canon products are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your Canon product the finest it deserves.
D3036428	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. The company's extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Canon products include full-color as well as black-and-white copiers, printers, micrographics and image-filing systems, facsimile machines, calculators, cameras and lenses, camcorders, semiconductor, broadcast and optical equipment, flatbed scanners, and other specialized industrial products. Canon offers a wide range of reliable power accessories for its products.
D3040538	Canon makes printing easy and convenient introducing a variety of accessories to meet the most demanding needs. Canon accessories streamline the printing process, economizing your time and increasing productivity. Save time, money and avoid job interruptions with accessories from Canon.Each PF-65 paper feeder unit comes with one UC-65 universal cassette, which holds 250 sheets and adjusts up to A3 size. Install up to three units to bring total paper capacity up to 1, 100 sheets.
D3042712	This new Ring Lite for close-up and macro shooting is loaded with features and capabilities. Now with Canon's E-TTL, it takes full advantage of the flash performance of the EOS-1v, EOS-3, and other E-TTL cameras. Circular twin flash tubes can fire at even power, or vary between them over a six-stop range, and one or more 550EX Speedlites can be used as wireless slaves along with the MR-14EX. The controller unit now has an illuminated full-info LCD panel and it accepts optional high-capacity battery packs.
D3042794	Designed for automatic operation only, the 220EX flash unit excels at providing natural-looking balanced flash exposures. When attached to the advanced cameras, such as EOS IX, EOS Elan II/Elan IIe, or EOS Rebel G, the 220EX delivers the benefits of the Canon's superior technology. These include Canon's unique E-TTL evaluative pre-stored flash exposure control system, FE Lock for a new dimension of creative control and FP Flash (high-speed sync) for flash photography up to maximum shutter speed. When used with other cameras, it operates as a TTL autoflash (off-the-film flash metering).When in E-TTL operation, flash exposure is measured and controlled by the camera in combination with Canon's AIM system. Subject position, ambient light level, evaluative metering and pre-flash data are instantly analyzed, including heavy backlighting or reflections from background windows or mirrors.
D3045027	BestMedia is one of the renowned European manufacturers of label and media products. BestMedia's most ambitious goal is the complete satisfaction of the customer. BestMedia reacts to today's request by offering an optimal service for your entire needs. Its quality assurance guarantees the highest standards.
D3047590	FRITZ!Card PCI v2.0 takes advantage of the capabilities of modern PCI bus systems, including interrupt sharing, high throughput and plug and play. This ISDN controller for the 32-bit PCI slot is supplied with a CAPI 2.0 driver and features quick, simple installation. With its 3.3V technology it is especially designed for integration in modern PC systems. FRITZ!Card PCI v2.0 exploits the full power-saving options of the Advanced Configuration Power Interface (ACPI) of Windows Me and 2000. In a system with ACPI capability, FRITZ!Card PCI v2.0 provides an additional remote wake-up function in stand-by mode.
D3071361	This innovative trackball combines advanced cordless and optical technologies with useful new buttons: advanced scrolling buttons, scroll wheel, drag lock button, forward and back buttons. This cordless, finger-operated trackball eliminates the cord clutter and provides precise, accurate, optical performance. Logitech's advanced digital radio technology combined with Marble Optical performance is reliable and responsive. Logitech's smart power management allows the trackball to work beyond six months on the included AA batteries. The low battery indicator gives plenty of warning before the batteries need to be changed. The ultimate trackball. Only from Logitech.
D3074027	Canon filters are available for nearly every EF lens. Whether it's protection from the elements or the effects of a circular polarizer, Canon filters enhance images and protect your investment.Polarizing filter enhances picture quality by blocking harmful reflected light. Use it to reduce polarized light reflections from glass and water surfaces or to improve color saturation. Simple to use, circular polarizing filters (such as Canon's PL-C) polarize light circularly, rather than linearly, so it does not interfere with autofocus or TTL light metering.
D3074038	Canon filters are available for nearly every EF lens. Whether it's protection from the elements or the effects of a circular polarizer, Canon filters enhance images and protect your investment.UV filter is a colorless filter, which absorbs ultraviolet radiation without affecting visible light. It is effective for reducing distant haze in landscape pictures taken on sunny days, especially when using black-and-white film. The filter has no effect on exposure and little effect on color temperature and can be used as a protective filter.
D3076266	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment. Now Assmann offers cable assemblies and a whole range of computer and network peripherals.
D3078127	Want the utmost in network security for your office? NETGEAR's FVS318 ProSafe VPN Firewall provides business-class protection at a NAT router price. This completely equipped, broadband-capable Virtual Private Network (VPN) firewall is a true firewall and provides it all - Denial of Service (DoS) protection and Intrusion Detection using Stateful Packet Inspection (SPI), URL access and content filtering, logging, reporting, and real-time alerts. It initiates up to 8 IPSec VPN tunnels simultaneously, reducing your operating costs and maximizing the security of your network. With 8 auto-sensing, Auto Uplink switched LAN ports and Network Address Translation (NAT) routing, up to 253 users can access your broadband connection at the same time.The FVS318 initiates up to 8 IPSec VPN tunnels simultaneously, allowing for secured connections to branch offices and the "on-the-go" mobile workforce. Network Address Translation (NAT) routing enables shared access to your broadband connection. Includes Web page URL content filtering and 168-bit 3DES IPSec encryption capability. It sends you e-mail notification of network activity - reporting and tracking of hacker attempts - as well as real-time alerts.Has everything you want for maximum security coverage: True Firewall using Stateful Packet Inspection (SPI) and Intrusion Detection features, Denial of Service (DoS) attack protection, and VPN pass-through for extra security. There's even a Kensington Lock slot on the unit for theft protection. And with free Freedom anti-virus and privacy protection software, the FVS318 ProSafe VPN Firewall provides optimal value and defense against network security threats.Smart Wizard connects to your ISP quickly; the easy-to-use Web-based configuration screen and Install Assistant reduce setup time. Remote administration capability makes connecting to multiple sites a breeze.Make a VPN connection to other FVS318's or through client software (not included). Support for DHCP (client and server) as well as PPPoE allows for easy, widespread deployment.
D3106624	The HP no. 56 black inkjet print cartridge features pigmented black ink formulated for crisp, laser-quality, fade-resistant text every time. HP supplies and printers are designed to work together as a printing system to ensure consistently clear, sharp results on a wide range of papers.
D3106628	The HP 27 black inkjet cartridge provides laser-quality black text for home users at an affordable price. HP printing supplies and printers are designed together to work together for crisp, sharp output everytime.
D3106629	HP consumables are engineered to work together with your HP printers to get optimum print quality results. HP's family of consumables and supplies products provides a full-range of solutions to allow more flexibility with your printing needs. HP print cartridges deliver an unparalleled combination of print quality, speed, reliability and low cost per page. Precise, micro-fine drops produce outstanding print quality.The HP No. 28 tri-color inkjet print cartridge produces brilliant, long-lasting photo-quality output using patented dye-based inks formulated to work precisely with your HP printing system for outstanding results every time.
D3120060	Remote switch is useful to prevent camera shake for super telephoto shots, macrophotography, and bulb exposures. The RS-80N3 remote switch works just like a shutter button, enabling halfway or complete pressing. It also has a shutter-release lock.
D3126992	Canon is an industry leader in professional and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Canon's cabling solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store and distribute visual information.This small adapter cord enables use of standard mechanical cable releases with T3-compatible EOS cameras.
D3127031	Canon is an industry leader in professional and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Canon's extensive product line enables businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store and distribute visual information.This compact remote switch replicates all the functions of the camera's shutter release button.
D3135206	Canon has poured all the know-how of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon.Canon puts its name on its parts and supplies because it stands behind their quality and performance. Each of the parts and supplies Canon makes for its office equipment products is a key part of the whole, carefully designed machine, which has been expertly engineered to provide top performance, reliability, and optimum output.
D3138352	APC Smart-UPS XL protects your data by supplying reliable, network-grade power with scalable run-time in tower and rack mount form factors. With optional, matching battery packs, run-time can be easily extended and optimized for the application. APC understands long run-time requirements so; Smart-UPS XLs can be configured with up to 10 additional battery packs - for run-times exceeding 24 hours, if necessary. The convergence of voice and data networks is placing higher demands on availability expectations - and the Smart-UPS XL delivers. Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP), e-commerce, WiFi ("hotspots", WLAN/WWAN, and mixed wireless), and data enabled PBXs are a few of the applications driving the need for Smart-UPS XL. APC Smart-UPS XL is also the perfect UPS for fileservers (Intel or UNIX based), minicomputers, network switches and hubs, ATMs, telecommunications systems and other mission-critical applications requiring longer runtime.With included PowerChute management software for servers and workstations, IT administrators can provide safe system shutdown and advanced UPS management (all major operating systems supported). Connectivity is through a serial or USB port (USB not standard on all models). Additional manageability is available through the SmartSlot, an internal accessory slot that allows you to install optional accessories to enhance the performance of your UPS. Network connection with Web browser management and/or environmental monitoring, serial port expansion, and out-of-band management options are available. With pure sine-wave output ensuring compatibility with all connected devices, Intelligent Battery Management ensuring a highly available UPS and an advanced 16 segment bar graph display ensuring information and management, the Smart-UPS XL is a UPS you can count on.
D3143803	Canon is recognized around the world for its innovations and advancements in the field of optical technology. Nothing is more of a testament to this than these lenses. Enter the world of Canon lenses and discover the virtually unlimited photographic possibilities.
D3143839	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D3148788	APC's slim line rack-mount Smart-UPS delivers premium uninterruptible power and the most advanced performance features available. With PowerChute plus software the uninterruptible power supply (UPS) will safely store data and shut down your network operating system before the battery is fully discharged, whether you're there or not. SmartSlot internal accessory slot allows you to install optional accessories to enhance the performance of your UPS. Additionally, the APC NetShelter enclosure provides security, flexibility and proper management of all your rack-mount devices.
D3172125	Canon is an industry leader in professional and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Canon's extensive product line enables businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store and distribute visual information. Canon provides a wide range of accessories that are fully tested and 100% compliant with the corresponding equipment. All accessories are noted for their high reliability and superior quality.
D3183958	Hang on - your network will soar when it's hooked up to NETGEAR's FS605! This powerful plug-and-play switch connects at 10 or 100 Mbps and makes it easy to link as many as five computers or peripherals to your Ethernet network. You'll experience maximum performance for 10 or 100 Mbps devices with five ports that automatically sense the correct speed while Auto Uplink on the ports adjusts for the different types of Ethernet cables. The FS605's sleek case has lights on the front for easy monitoring. Installation into your home network couldn't be simpler and, once powered on, it begins cool and silent operation - without an internal fan.
D3183959	Hang on - your network will soar when it is hooked up to NETGEAR's FS608! This powerful plug-and-play switch connects at 10 or 100 Mbps and makes it easy to link as many as eight computers or peripherals to your Ethernet network. You'll experience maximum performance for 10 or 100 Mbps devices with eight ports that automatically sense the correct speed while Auto Uplink on the ports adjusts for the different types of Ethernet cables. The FS608's sleek case has lights on the front for easy monitoring. Installation into your home network couldn't be simpler and, once powered on, it begins cool and silent operation - without an internal fan.
D3183960	Securely extend your broadband Internet connection to all of your computers with the NETGEAR RP614 Web Safe Router Gateway. Each person can instantly benefit from high-speed Web access, file sharing, video streaming, head-to-head Internet gameplaying, and MP3 downloading. This highly capable 4-port Internet gateway provides state-of-the-art filtering and controls that allow parents to limit URL access and monitor Internet activities, while firewall protection secures your computers and network against hackers. Setup couldn't be easier - a Smart Setup Wizard automatically detects your Internet connection type and then the animated Installation Assistant and on-screen help guide you through each step. The Web Safe Router Gateway is sleekly designed and is compatible with all Ethernet cable and DSL modems and with all Internet service providers.
D3190906	A lens hood provides multiple functions: it shades the lens from stray light, improving your contrast and image quality; in inclement weather, it can assist in keeping moisture or wind-blown debris off the lens; and it protects the front barrel from the inevitable impacts against walls, door frames, and other real-life obstacles.
D3191198	EF lens accessories help you to add quality and creativity to your images. Filters can be used to obtain correct tones or color reproduction in difficult or unusual lighting conditions. Filters can also change or distort light for special effects.A neutral filter protects your valuable lens while maintaining perfect color balance. Its multilayer coating reduces the risk of flare. Does not alter the exposure.
D3191273	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.The FS-43 Filter Set consists of two filters: an ND filter and an MC protector.
D3191564	Full-fledged optical performance in a smaller, contoured shape that easily fits left or right hands. This mouse is compact enough to take anywhere, comfortable enough to use as your primary mouse. Fully customizable yet simple to set up, it plugs easily into both PCs and Macs.
D3191567	Experience true freedom. Place this comfortable optical trackball where you choose. Its digital radio technology works in a two meter (six foot) range without being pointed at the computer, even on desks crowded with cups, books and papers. Patented optical technology delivers superior precision, reduced wear and smooth tracking - all without the regular cleaning that mechanical trackballs require. The scroll wheel provides easy scrolling and a third button. Made by the world's largest manufacturer of mice and trackballs.
D3191585	Canon, the leader in photographic and imaging technology, announces the new XM2 digital camcorder aimed at high-end consumers and semi-professional users.The XM2 builds on the features offered by its predecessor, the award winning XM1, to provide users with a brand new 470, 000-pixel 3CCD system, improved picture adjustment feature, and new manual controls resulting in increased image quality and versatility. Audio modes also feature three new types of frequency characteristics offering improved output.A new high-sensitivity 470, 000-pixel 3CCD achieves an exceptional 540 lines horizontal resolution and Super Low Light performance. Combine this with a new generation camera signaling processing LSI, which improves approximately 3dB in S/N ratio from the XM1, and the user will be able to see an improvement in color, low light performance, resolution and range. Also equipped with a pixel shift system that boosts both resolution and sensitivity, the XM2 allows users to achieve outstanding results.
D3210516	HP LaserJet printing supplies are always the right choice. They deliver exceptional print quality and hassle-free operation, page after page because they're specifically designed to work with HP's printers. Did you know that 70% of a LaserJet printer's imaging system comes from HP LaserJet print cartridges? The technology of the print cartridge is any printing system's most critical component. So if you're not using HP supplies, you're not getting HP printing. With HP LaserJet printing supplies, you also know you're getting the best total cost of ownership because Hewlett-Packard factors in qualities like reliability.
D3210518	HP LaserJet printing supplies are always the right choice. They deliver exceptional print quality and hassle-free operation, page after page because they're specifically designed to work with HP's printers. Did you know that 70% of a LaserJet printer's imaging system comes from HP LaserJet print cartridges? The technology of the print cartridge is any printing system's most critical component. So if you're not using HP supplies, you're not getting HP printing. With HP LaserJet printing supplies, you also know you're getting the best total cost of ownership because Hewlett-Packard factors in qualities like reliability.
D3215769	CD-R is short for "CD-Recordable". The discs are also known as WORM media which stands for Write Once, Read Multiple. The advantage of CD-R over other types of optical media is that you can use the discs with a standard CD player.The mechanical specifications of Verbatim media are very precise, and data written to it can be read in a wide range of drives. As a result, Verbatim DataLifePlus discs demonstrate a high level of compatibility between drives running at a wide range of speeds.
D3242340	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Its extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Canon printers are renowned for quality and results - especially when using genuine Canon supplies. Enjoy a wide range of Canon supplies - there's no time like the present to give your printer the finest it deserves.
D3244560	The ultimate in reliability and recording performance is yours with Verbatim CD-R media. These advanced discs enable you to take full advantage of today's CD-R burners. With Verbatim CD-R discs, you'll enjoy error-free performance even at the highest read/write speeds.
D3248183	Kingston is the world's largest independent memory manufacturer. In today's performance-driven environment, memory upgrades provide an easy, economical alternative to increase system performance. Every memory product Kingston offers is designed to help you get maximum performance at the best price to you.This memory is designed for Intel 810 boards.
D3256069	TRENDnet's TE100-S24 is a high performance, auto-sensing 24-port NWay rack-mountable Fast Ethernet Switch. It is designed to eliminate unnecessary traffic and relieve congestion on critical network paths. With 10/100Mbps NWay technology, the TE100-S24 automatically negotiates between 10Base-T and 100Base-TX network speeds, as well as half and full duplex modes. The auto MDI-II/MDI-X detection on each port automatically detects and corrects for crossover connection and allows direct switch-to-switch or switch-to-hub connection for your networking needs.
D3259933	Now you can have a powerful, high-speed network on a small scale. NETGEAR's GS108 Gigabit Ethernet Switch lets you build a system that provides a full, dedicated 1000, 100, or 10 Mbps connection so you can move very large files across your network instantly. The GS108 also lets you painlessly integrate 10, 100, and 1000 Mbps devices. This potent switch is packed with ease-of-use features to simplify your workday experience. It's compact design fits neatly into small work spaces and, since it's self-cooling without a fan, it runs silently and unobtrusively.The GS108 moves huge files fast! It features a high-speed, auto-switching 10/100/1000 Mbps Ethernet connection. And because Copper Gigabit Ethernet is a full duplex standard, you can get up to 2000 Mbps on each port. The GS108 integrates 10, 100, and 1000 Mbps devices on the same network. Every port automatically senses the right speed and full/half duplex mode, while Auto Uplink technology automatically adjusts for straight-through or crossover cables. LEDs embedded in each of the 8 RJ-45 jacks make for easy monitoring. Space-saving dimensions are ideal for desktop or wall mounting in home and small office environments. Strong, durable metal case securely protects the switch's working parts.
D3277206	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D3293105	The external ISDN controller FRITZ!Card USB v2.1 provides all the familiar functions of an internal hardware component, in addition to all the advantages of USB. Once connected to the USB port, the ISDN controller is automatically detected and fully configured by the operating system, ready to be used by the PC or notebook. Installed on an ACPI-compatible system, FRITZ!Card USB v2.1 provides an additional remote wake-up option from stand-by mode.
D3293750	When you don't have much space and need to keep weight down as well, you can't do better than this ultra-low-profile compact keyboard. Useful for applications in, e.g. banking, medical facilities or for portable systems. Equally suitable for 19 inch applications. This keyboard is ideal for Slim Line PCs and notebooks can be enhanced with the G84-4700 numerical block.
D3302088	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality, fast delivery and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.
D3305964	The Ergo A-Shape keyboard is superiorly designed for preventing Repetitive Strain Injury and maximum comfort. This innovative "A-shape" look-alike key layout introduces a breakthrough from the traditional key layout. The standard position and order of the keys does not change, but instead the direction of the keys is improved and let your fingers in a straight line with your forearm as viewed from above. The new Ergo A-Shape keyboard design improves hand and arm postures. This not only makes typing much easier and faster, but most important of all, it prevents Repetitive Strain Injury like Tightness, discomfort, stiffness, soreness or burning in the hands, wrists, fingers, forearms, or elbows!
D3322156	Alps Electric offers its DF35 Series of high-reliability floppy disk drives. 25.4 mm (1-inch) height body and 3.5-inch FDD standard size facilitate system design. Three recording capacity modes are available. The direct-drive motor provides a truly remarkable reliability. This FDD is driven by a single 5V power supply with low-power consumption. Its semi-sealed construction ensures outstanding performance by protecting against dust and anti-electromagnetic noise.
D3322617	Marketing description is not available.
D3322771	APC's UPS Network Management Cards provide management of your UPSs by connecting the UPS directly to the network with a dedicated IP address, avoiding the need for a proxy such as a server. Embedded technology provides exceptional reliability and enables the UPS to reboot hung equipment. Manage each APC UPS individually via web browser, Telnet or SSH. Notification features inform you of problems as they occur. For protected servers, graceful unattended shutdown is provided in case of extended power outages.The AP9619 Management Card includes an Integrated Environmental Monitor that provides the following features: A temperature sensor; Two input contacts; Two-position output relay. In addition to the Integrated Environmental Monitor, an AP9619 Management Card can also monitor and manage an Environmental Monitoring Card.The Management Card can be installed into the following APC devices: any Smart-UPS or Matrix-UPS model that has an internal expansion slot, as well as any Silcon, Symmetra, or Symmetra PX UPS. A Silcon UPS, which does not have an expansion slot, requires using a Silcon Triple Expansion Chassis (AP9604S).
D3323462	Kingston is the world's largest independent memory manufacturer. In today's performance-driven environment, memory upgrades provide an easy, economical alternative to increase system performance. Every memory product Kingston offers is designed to help you get maximum performance at the best price to you.
D3345623	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D3356828	APC Smart-UPS protects your data by supplying reliable, network-grade power in either traditional Tower or Rack-optimized form factors for space constrained business critical applications. Award winning APC Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for protecting business critical fileservers (Intel or UNIX based), minicomputers, network switches and hubs, Point of Sale, retail/bank back office and ATM's. Rack Mount versions are the choice for rack optimized servers, server appliances, blade servers, other blade devices and rack-mounted network switches and hubs.With included PowerChute management software for servers and workstations, IT administrators can provide safe system shutdown and advanced UPS management (all major operating systems are supported). Connectivity is through serial or USB port (USB not standard on all models). Additional manageability is available through the SmartSlot, an internal accessory slot that allows you to install optional accessories to enhance the performance of your UPS. Network connection with Web browser management and/or environmental monitoring, serial port expansion, and out-of-band management options are available. With pure sine-wave output ensuring compatibility with all connected devices, Intelligent Battery Management ensuring a highly available UPS and an advanced 16 segment bar graph display ensuring information and management, the Smart-UPS is a UPS you can count on.
D3356829	APC Smart-UPS protects your data by supplying reliable, network-grade power in either traditional Tower or Rack-optimized form factors for space constrained business critical applications. Award winning APC Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for protecting business critical fileservers (Intel or UNIX based), minicomputers, network switches and hubs, Point of Sale, retail/bank back office and ATM's. Rack Mount versions are the choice for rack optimized servers, server appliances, blade servers, other blade devices and rack-mounted network switches and hubs.With included PowerChute management software for servers and workstations, IT administrators can provide safe system shutdown and advanced UPS management (all major operating systems supported). Connectivity is through serial or USB port (USB not standard on all models). Additional manageability is available through the SmartSlot, an internal accessory slot that allows you to install optional accessories to enhance the performance of your UPS. Network connection with Web browser management and/or environmental monitoring, serial port expansion, and out-of-band management options are available. With pure sine-wave output ensuring compatibility with all connected devices, Intelligent Battery Management ensuring a highly available UPS and an advanced 16 segment bar graph display ensuring information and management, the Smart-UPS is a UPS you can count on.
D3356830	APC Smart-UPS protects your data by supplying reliable, network-grade power in either traditional Tower or Rack-optimized form factors for space constrained business critical applications. Award winning APC Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for protecting business critical fileservers (Intel or UNIX based), minicomputers, network switches and hubs, Point of Sale, retail/bank back office and ATMs. Rack Mount versions are the choice for rack optimized servers, server appliances, blade servers, other blade devices and rack-mounted network switches and hubs.With included PowerChute management software for servers and workstations, IT administrators can provide safe system shutdown and advanced UPS management (all major operating systems supported). Additional manageability is available through the SmartSlot, an internal accessory slot that allows you to install optional accessories to enhance the performance of your UPS. Network connection with Web browser management and/or environmental monitoring, serial port expansion, and out-of-band management options are available. With pure sine-wave output ensuring compatibility with all connected devices, Intelligent Battery Management ensuring a highly available UPS and an advanced 16 segment bar graph display ensuring information and management, the Smart-UPS is a UPS you can count on.
D3359265	Polarizing filter enhances picture quality by blocking harmful reflected light. Use it to reduce polarized light reflections from glass and water surfaces or to improve color saturation. Simple to use, circular polarizing filters (such as Canon's PL-C) polarize light circularly, rather than linearly, so it does not interfere with autofocus or TTL light metering.
D3361635	Now you can push the performance limits of CD writing - it's easy with CD-R media from Verbatim. Verbatim DataLifePlus CD-R disks deliver reliable, error-free recording even at blazing speeds. The secret is in Verbatim's innovative "Super Azo" recording dye, optimized to provide stable and reliable high-speed recording with excellent sensitivity and the industries widest range of compatibility for today's CD-R drives. Verbatim CD-R media also feature a dual-protection layer that safeguards the recording layer and provides a longer archival life.
D3361699	The PCI Fiber Optic Adapter operates in a 32-bit Bus Master Mode, delivering 100Mbps of speed with little stress on the host's CPU. The TE100-PCIFXplus supports both half- and full-duplex modes, creating an increase speed up to 200 Mbps. With its SC-type fiber connection allowing up to 2 Km away from the switch, TRENDnet's TE100-PCIFXplus is the perfect choice for greater bandwidth and long cable connections in the network.
D3363275	The MT-24EX mounting ring can be attached directly to the front of the macro lens and has a forward tilting control unit. As the control unit will not hit the flash, even when the mounting ring is rotated, the design makes the MT-24EX ideal for use with any of Canon EF macro lenses.The flash heads are fitted to the rotating mounting ring and can be individually rotated both horizontally and vertically for maximum flexibility and control. As well as this it is possible to detach the flash heads from the mounting ring further expanding the range of possible lighting setups.The MT-24EX is a highly adaptable lighting system for all kinds of close-up and creative photography.
D3373331	HP is an industry leader in printing supplies innovations. The newest HP Smart Printing Technology works in tandem with your HP printer to provide such features as e-mail reminders when your cartridges are low, cartridge enhancements that ensure outstanding quality and consistency of your outputs, and cartridge usage data for budgeting and ordering needs. HP continually strives to make printer experiences easier and more efficient.
D3374774	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D3387366	The MPF920-Z is an internal 3.5-inch FDD. It is compatible with 720 KB and 1.44 MB 3.5-inch Floppy Disks. Mist white, granite, and matte black faceplates and eject buttons are included. It is ideal for replacing older floppy drive, or adding a second drive. It features standard 34-pin floppy drive interface for easy installation and provides legendary quality from Sony - the inventory of the 3.5-inch floppy.
D3391122	Whether you want to relax with some 'Moods' or get in touch with your 'Soul', feel the vibe with some 'Reggae', get up beat with some 'Hip-Hop' or even liven up your day with some 'Dance', check out Verbatim Live It! range and give in to your desire.Verbatim's CD-R comes out best in the tests with the lowest error rate. The CD-R is also easy to record on and resistant to scratching.
D3391124	The ultimate in reliability and recording performance is yours with Verbatim CD-R media. Available in various capacities, these advanced disks enable you to take full advantage of today's CD-R burners. With Verbatim CD-R disks, you'll enjoy error-free performance even at the highest read/write speeds. Verbatim CD-R disks feature an advanced surface coating that protects from scratches that can damage the recording layer.
D3391764	NETGEAR presents a great way to increase your network's capability without breaking your budget: the 16-port JFS516. This 10/100 Fast Ethernet switch provides expanded connectivity for small office networks so users no longer have to compete with each other for bandwidth. All of the essential features - automatic speed and full/half duplex sensing, 200 Mbps throughput per port, Auto Uplink - are included, but at an economical price that a value-conscious business owner can't ignore.Sixteen switched ports provide private bandwidth for PCs, servers, or hubs, and support 200 Mbps of throughput. Each port delivers 200 Mbps of network speed in full-duplex mode. As soon as it's powered on, it begins operating. Every port automatically senses the proper speed and full/half duplex mode, and Auto Uplink adjusts for straight-through or crossover cables to make the right link. This high-performance switch makes it easy to combine 10 and 100 Mbps devices within your network. As an added convenience, these sturdy metal units can be mounted in a standard 19-inch rack.
D3397330	For increased productivity, the ink BCI-15 black will increase the ink yields 250% for black printing. This increase in yield can be attributed to the volume increase of 265% compared to the inks for the previous BJC-85 product.
D3411191	Marketing description is not available.
D3411192	BestMedia is one of the renowned European manufacturers of label and media products. BestMedia's most ambitious goal is the complete satisfaction of the customer. BestMedia reacts to today's request by offering an optimal service for your entire needs. Its quality assurance guarantees the highest standards.
D3415035	Trendnet's TK-C10, 10 feet KVM Cable, comes with each connector needed to connect a keyboard, monitor, and mouse and will allow you to extend each of these peripherals from a KVM Switch to a laptop or desktop system, up to 10 feet in length. Along with TRENDnet's TK-200 2- Port, TK-400 4-Port and TK-800R 8-Port KVM switches, you made the perfect choice to control and manage multiple PCs with just one keyboard, monitor, and mouse.
D3417430	Freedom of movement and flexibility of access - NETGEAR's 54 Mbps Wireless PC Card gives you both in spades! Designed to the 802.11g draft specification, this versatile PC card offers speeds up to nearly five times faster than widely deployed IEEE 802.11b wireless networks found in homes, businesses, and public wireless hotspots around the globe.This versatile PC card works with either wireless standard 802.11b or 802.11g, to keep you connected today and tomorrow. Put it in your notebook PC and no matter where you are, at home, at the office, at the airport or in other public access areas, this versatile adapter automatically selects the best connection available, giving you constant access to corporate resources, e-mail, and the Internet. Use it to quickly network employees, saving the time and expense of Ethernet cabling. Easy to set up and use, it auto-selects the best available connection and adapts the settings to match. NETGEAR's intuitive Install Wizard makes driver installation a cinch. And with up to 128-bit WEP encryption, you can rest assured that your wireless network communications are private.
D3417432	NETGEAR's WG602 Wireless Access Point lets you add IEEE 802.11g wireless access to your network. With its high-speed data transmission of up to 54 Mbps network users can share a broadband Internet connection, access e-mail, download large files, videoconference, and distribute and play digital images, videos, and MP3 files. Easy to set up and use, NETGEAR's Smart Wizard install assistant makes installations a cinch. And with Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA2-PSK) security, you can rest assured that your wireless network communications are private.NETGEAR's WG602 Wireless Access Point simultaneously supports both IEEE 802.11b and 802.11g standard devices and networks. This dual mode capability protects your 802.11b wireless investment and, at the same time, has you ready for the up to five times faster 802.11g. Provides connectivity to a wired or wireless network for expanded bandwidth. Higher speeds expedite large file downloads and facilitate videoconferencing and the distribution and playing of high-quality multimedia content.
D3418938	This high performance desktop battery backup features maximum protection in a versatile design. The fully featured APC Back-UPS RS can be placed on the floor, or on a shelf. Up to six battery backup outlets with automatic voltage regulation (AVR) enable you to work through even the most frequent brownouts and power sags. For printers and other devices that do not store or process information, up to three additional outlets provide surge protection. Both Ethernet 10/100BaseT and telephone dataline surge protection safeguards against surges entering via network connections. The PowerChute Personal Edition software features easy-to-use safe system shutdown with sophisticated power management.
D3428411	This miniature infrared transmitter operates at ranges of up to 5 m / 16.4 ft., and may be set for either instant shutter release or 2-second delay. The RC-1 may also be used to activate mirror-lock and bulb-shutter functions.
D3430886	The FireWire 3-Port PCI Card connects your digital camcorder and other FireWire devices to your PC. It maximizes your use of ultrafast disk, ZIP, and optical drives, scanners, printers and other peripherals.
D3432308	Kingston is the world's largest independent memory manufacturer. In today's performance-driven environment, memory upgrades provide an easy, economical alternative to increase system performance. Every memory product Kingston offers is designed to help you get maximum performance at the best price to you.This memory is designed for the following systems:ABIT AT7;ABIT AT7 MAX2;ABIT AT7 MAX2/XP;ABIT BE7-B/BE7-G/BE7-S;ABIT BE7/BE7-RAID;ABIT BG7E;ABIT BH7;ABIT IT7-MAX2 V2.0;ABIT KD7-B/KD7-G/KD7-S;ABIT KD7-E;ABIT KD7/KD7-RAID;ABIT KX7-333/KX7-333R;ABIT NF7-S;ABIT SA7;ABIT SG-71;ABIT SR7-8X;AOpen AK75/AK75 Pro;AOpen AK77-333;AOpen AX4GE Max;AOpen AX4PE Max/ AX4PE-N;AOpen AX4PER/ AX4PER-N;ASUS A7S266-VM;ASUS A7S333/A7S333-X;ASUS A7V333;ASUS A7V333-X;ASUS A7V8X;ASUS P4GE-V;ASUS P4GE-VM;ASUS P4PE;ASUS P4PE BP (Black Pearl);ASUS P4S333;ASUS P4S333-FX;ASUS P4S533;ASUS P4S533-E;ASUS P4S533-VM;ASUS P4S533-X;ASUS P4S8X;ASUS P4S8X-X;ASUS P4SE;Biostar M7NCDBiostar M7NCG;Biostar M7VIF;Biostar M7VIK;Biostar M7VIP;Biostar M7VIT;Biostar P4SDQ;Biostar P4TGE;Biostar P4TPT;ChainTech 7NJS/7NJS ZENITH;ChainTech 7VJL APOGEE;ChainTech 9EJL2 APOGEE;ChainTech 9SIL2;ChainTech 9SJD;DFI AD77;DFI NB35-TC/ NB35-TL;DFI NB77-BC/ NB77-BL;DFI NB77-HC/ NB77-HL;DFI NB78-BC/ NB78-BL;DFI NB78-HC/ NB78-HL;DFI NS30-SC/ NS30-SL;DFI NS30-TC/ NS30-TL;DFI NS36-TC/ NS36-TL;DFI NS80-EA/ NS80-EC/ NS80-EL;DFI PE21-EC/ PC21-EL;DFI PE21-EC/A / PC21-EL/A;EliteGroup (ECS) K7VTA3 V3.x/K7VTA3 V5.0/K7VTA3 V7.0;EliteGroup (ECS) L4IGEM2;EliteGroup (ECS) L4IPEA2;Epox EP-4GEA+;Epox EP-4GEADI;Epox EP-4GEAE;Epox EP-4GEMI;Epox EP-4PEA;Epox EP-4PEA+;Epox EP-4SDA/EP-4SDA+;Epox EP-4SDA5+;Epox EP-8K3A/EP-8K3A+/EP-8K3AE;Epox EP-8K5A2+B1/EP-8K5A2+B2;Epox EP-8K5A2/EP-8K5A2+;Epox EP-8K5A3+;Epox EP-8K9A/EP-8K9AI;Epox EP-8K9A2+/EP-8K9A3+;Epox EP-8RGA+/EP-8RDA/EP-8RDA+;FIC AN17;FIC VC19E/VC19E+;FIC VC19G/VC19G+;FIC VG31E;FIC VI13/VI13L;FIC VI39L;Gigabyte GA-7VA/GA-7VAX;Gigabyte GA-7VAX1394;Gigabyte GA-7VAXP/GA-7VAXP Ultra;Gigabyte GA-7VR;Gigabyte GA-7VRX/GA-7VRX(2.0)/GA-7VRXP;Gigabyte GA-8GE667/GA-8GE667 Pro;Gigabyte GA-8GE800/GA-8GE800 PRO;Gigabyte GA-8GEM667/GA-8GEM667K;Gigabyte GA-8GEMT4;Gigabyte GA-8PE667;Gigabyte GA-8PE667 Ultra 2;Gigabyte GA-8PE667 Ultra/GA-8PE667 Pro;Gigabyte GA-8PE800;Gigabyte GA-8PEMT4;Gigabyte GA-8SG667;Gigabyte GA-8SG800;Gigabyte GA-8SIMLH;Gigabyte GA-8SQ800/GA-8SQ800 Ultra/GA-8SQ800 Ultra2 (GA-SINXP1394);Gigabyte GA-8SR533;Gigabyte GA-8SR533P;Gigabyte GA-8SRX;Gigabyte GA-8ST/GA-8ST-L;Gigabyte GA-8ST667/GA-8ST667-L;Gigabyte GA-8ST800/GA-8ST800-L;Gigabyte GA-8STML;Intel D845GEBV2;Intel D845GERG2;Intel D845PEBT2;Intel D845PECE;Intel D845PESV;Iwill KK400;Iwill KK400-RS;Iwill P4HT/P4HT-S;Iwill XP333;Iwill XP333-R;MSI 645 Combo/645 Combo-L (MS-6737);MSI 645 Ultra-C (MS-6547 v2.0);MSI 645E Max (MS-6547)/645E Max-C (MS-6547E);MSI 645E Max-U (MS-6547 v2.1);MSI 645E Max2 (MS-6567);MSI 645E Max2-LRU (MS-6567);MSI 648 Max (MS-6585);MSI 648 Max-L (MS-6585);MSI 655 Max/655 Max-L/655 Max-FISR (MS-6730);MSI 745 Ultra/745 Ultra-E (MS-6561);MSI 845GE Max (MS-6580)/845GE Max (MS-6580 Ver 2.0);MSI 845GE Max-L (MS-6580-060);MSI 845GEM/845GEM-L (MS-6714);MSI 845PE Max (MS-6580);MSI 845PE Max2/845PE Max2-R/845PE Max2-FIR(MS-6704);MSI 845PE Max2/845PE Max2-SR/845PE Max2-FISR (MS-6704 Ver 2.0);MSI KT3 Ultra/KT3 Ultra2/KT3 Ultra2-R (MS-6380E);MSI KT3 Ultra2-BR/KT3 Ultra2-ARU (MS-6380E);MSI KT3 Ultra2-C/KT3 Ultra2-CL (MS-6593);MSI KT3V/KT3V-L (MS-6712);MSI KT4 Ultra MS-6590;MSI KT4 Ultra-SR/KT4 Ultra-FISR (MS-6590);MSI KT4M/KT4M-L (MS-6596);MSI KT4V (MS-6712);MSI KT4VL (MS-6712);MSI MS-6533/MS-6533-L;MSI MS-6533G/MS-6533E/MS-6533EG;MSI MS-6533GL (MS-6533G);Shuttle AB48/AB48N;Shuttle AK37GT/AK37GTR;Shuttle AK38/AK38NShuttle AK39/AK39N;Shuttle AS45GT/AS45GTR;Shuttle FS51;SOYO SY-845PEISA;SOYO SY-KT333 DRAGON Lite;SOYO SY-KT333 DRAGON Plus;SOYO SY-KT333 DRAGON Ultra;SOYO SY-KT333 DRAGON Ultra Platinum;SOYO SY-KT400 DRAGON Ultra/SY-KT400 DRAGON Lite;SOYO SY-P4I 845PE/SY-P4I 845PE Lite;SOYO SY-P4S DRAGON Ultra;SOYO SY-P4S-645D DRAGON Lite;SOYO SY-P4S-645DX DRAGON Ultra;SOYO SY-P4X400 DRAGON Lite;SOYO SY-P4X400 DRAGON Ultra;SuperMicro P4SGR/P4SGE;Tyan Computers Trinity KT400 (S2495).
D3438608	With the latest and fastest in the range, you can create your own CDs in an amazing time of around just 2 minutes when using the 48x discs (dependant on drive used).With the Double Protection of Super Azo and Crystal, these discs combine the benefits of superb protection against UV light, outstanding durability and increased protection against surface damage.
D3445103	APC sets the standard in its industry for quality, innovation and support. Its comprehensive solutions, which are designed for both home and corporate environments, improve the manageability, availability and performance of sensitive electronic, network, communications and industrial equipment of all sizes. The mission of APC is to improve the manageability, availability, and performance of information and communication systems through rapid development and delivery of innovative solutions to real customer problems.PRODUCT FEATURES:Cascading capabilities;Compact and Lightweight;Hot Swap Batteries;Quick Plug-in Connections;User-replaceable batteries.
D3445104	Smart-UPS RT is a family of high performance UPSs for servers, networking equipment, telecommunication systems, industrial and medical equipment, and other mission-critical applications. Smart-UPS RT UPSs are based on the field-proven, industry-leading Smart-UPS functionality, but feature double conversion on-line topology, which delivers tight voltage and frequency regulation, zero transfer time to and from battery, and input power factor correction. While offering advanced performance and high availability features, the Smart-UPS RT can be managed using PowerChute software, as well as an array of SmartSlot accessories. Smart-UPS RT provides battery back up to the load through the use of internal batteries. However, an unlimited number of external battery packs can be added to meet desired levels of runtime. All Smart-UPS RTs and battery packs ship in tower configuration, while easily converting to the 19" rack-mount mode with the addition of an APC Rail Kit.
D3446095	Hauppauge Computer delivers the best TV and digital video boards for PCs. WinTVs are used for TV watching, video image capture and for data broadcast reception.
D3449308	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D3469585	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D3474549	APC sets the standard in its industry for quality, innovation and support. Its comprehensive solutions, which are designed for both home and corporate environments, improve the manageability, availability and performance of sensitive electronic, network, communications and industrial equipment of all sizes. The mission of APC is to improve the manageability, availability, and performance of information and communication systems through rapid development and delivery of innovative solutions to real customer problems.PRODUCT FEATURES:150.0 Units per Pallet.
D3475251	Canon CA-570 Compact Power Adapter is standard charger and power source. It will charge one battery at a time. It connects directly to the camcorder's body and the battery can be charged while the CA-570 is attached. This means you don't need to take a charger with you on a trip.
D3478100	APC sets the standard in its industry for quality, innovation and support. Its comprehensive solutions, which are designed for both home and corporate environments, improve the manageability, availability and performance of sensitive electronic, network, communications and industrial equipment of all sizes. The mission of APC is to improve the manageability, availability, and performance of information and communication systems through rapid development and delivery of innovative solutions to real customer problems.This rail kit is designed for Smart-UPS RT3000VA/5000VA/7500VA/10000VA, SURT192XLBP, SURT Transformers SURT001/SURT002/SURT003/SURT004.
D3478110	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.This memory is designed for the following systems:ABIT IC7-G Motherboard;AOpen AX4C Max, AX4C Pro, AX4C-G Motherboards;ASUS P4C800, P4C800 Deluxe Motherboard;ChainTech 9CJS ZENITH;DFI LANPARTY PRO875;Epox EP-4PCA3+ Motherboard;FIC P4-875 MAX Motherboard;Gigabyte GA-8IK1100 Motherboard;Gigabyte GA-8KNXP, GA-8KNXP Ultra Motherboards;Intel D875PBZ Motherboard;MiTAC P410CX Motherboard;MSI 875P Neo, 875P Neo-LSR, 875P Neo-FIS2R (MS-6758);SOYO SY-P4I875P DRAGON 2;Tyan Computers Trinity i875P (S5101).
D3478111	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D3480145	Sony MPF920-Z is an easy-to-install internal 3.5-inch FDD.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with 720 KB and 1.44 MB 3.5-inch floppy disks;Ideal for replacing older floppy drive, or adding a second drive;Standard 34-pin floppy drive interface for easy installation;Legendary quality from Sony - the inventor of the 3.5-inch floppy;High quality construction for years of reliable service.
D3488704	Corsair memory is specifically designed for rock-solid performance in the most demanding of applications. Data lines are specifically designed for noise immunity; clock lines are optimized for minimum skew. Corsair has many years of experience in qualifying high-performance memory, and has developed a knowledge base and track record, which is among the best in the industry. Corsair also has strict standards for product qualification; any changes in design, bill-of-materials, and/or supplier, must be re-qualified prior to shipment to end customers. These high standards have resulted in a very robust product, with extremely few failures, returns, or compatibility problems.
D3505144	The Pricom C-6200U is a USB print server for 10Base-T/100Base-TX network environment, exclusively designed for Canon Printers. You can use your Canon Printer as a shared resource over the network with the Pricom C-6200U. The print server is compatible with Canon Bubble Jet/CAPT Printer's status monitor functions that enable you to seamlessly monitor the operating status or the ink level of the networked printer.
D3505440	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D3507836	The newly designed Battery Pack NB-3L is approximately 76% the size and weight of the NB-1LH used in other Digital ELPH / Digital IXUS series cameras. Moreover, NB-3L can achieve approximately 94% of NB-1LH's battery capacity.
D3507840	The SC-DC20 Soft Case protects the camera from dust and scratches.
D3510293	NETGEAR's Cable/DSL 54 Mbps Wireless Router lets you experience the blazing-fast network wireless speeds of 54 Mbps - up to five times faster than the popular 802.11b wireless network. These higher speeds make it a snap to surf the Web, download large files, videoconference, stream high-quality digital movies, MP3 music, and photos, and play online games. This wireless router also works with 802.11b wireless products so you can use it with your existing 802.11b devices and your new 54 Mbps (802.11g) devices. Auto-sensing chooses the fastest connections possible on your 10/100 Mbps wide area network and four local area network ports. True Firewall (SPI) advanced security provides maximum protection from professional hackers. URL blocking and e-mail alerts provide parents with controls to limit access to inappropriate Web sites and monitor children's access. It's simple to install, you just follow the cues shown on your PC screen and your router will be up and running in no time. Smart Wizard auto-detects and configures for the best ISP connection, while UPnP (Universal Plug and Play) makes it easy to use your computers, gaming consoles, and other client devices - wireless and Ethernet - for gaming, instant messaging, and other applications.
D3510294	Freedom of movement and flexibility of access - NETGEAR's Dual Band Wireless PC Card gives you both in spades! Remarkably versatile, it lets you access any 802.11a/b/g wireless network from your notebook PC. Put it in your notebook PC and no matter where you are, at home, at the office, at the airport or in other public access areas, you'll get high-speed access to corporate resources, e-mail, and the Internet. Use it to quickly network employees, saving the time and expense of Ethernet cabling, or use it to upgrade your existing network to the faster wireless standard. Easy to set up and use, it will automatically select the best connection available and adapt the settings to match. And with up to 152-bit WEP encryption, you can rest assured that your wireless network communications are private.Fully IEEE 802.11a (5 GHz), 802.11b and draft 802.11g (2.4 GHz) compliant, this high-speed wireless PC card sends digital images, videos, and MP3 files across your wireless network at speeds of up to 108 Mbps in turbo mode. Dynamic rate shifting according to environmental conditions gives you the fastest possible connections from your notebook PC.The NETGEAR WAG511 supports office roaming for notebook PC users for shared broadband Internet access and resources. It gives you untethered mobility at home, the office, the airport, and other public hotspots. NETGEAR's Wireless LAN Manager lets you create profiles that reflect specific WLAN settings for each place you travel.The NETGEAR WAG511 protects your information with the highest level of industry-standard WEP encryption: 128-bit for 802.11b devices, and up to 152-bit for 802.11a and 802.11g devices. MAC address authentication offers enhanced security by ensuring only authorized users are able to access the network. VPN pass-through support is included. A future software upgrade will provide you with AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) and WPA (Wi-Fi Protected Access).
D3526670	The DF35 Series of high-reliability floppy disk drives features 25.4 mm (1-inch) height body and 3.5-inch FDD standard size facilitate system design. The direct-drive motor provides a truly remarkable reliability. This FDD is driven by a single 5V power supply with low-power consumption. Its semi-sealed construction ensures outstanding performance by protecting against dust and anti-electromagnetic noise.
D3526843	Cherry's line of general-purpose data-entry keyboards combines unmatched reliability and precise key action with proven ergonomic design and comfort to provide the highest levels of performance, even during high-speed or repeated actuation. With keyboards available in a variety of configurations and over 34 different language layouts, Cherry is able to offer a solution, no matter what your application demands. As the leader in mechanical and membrane keyswitch technologies, Cherry is able to offer a variety of solutions to match your particular keyboard needs.This environmentally friendly standard PC keyboard was the first in the world to be awarded the "Blue Angel" environmental symbol. It combines innovative technology with timeless design. And the NTK system - membrane contact switches with rubber-mat technology - makes it ideal for individual use.
D3538449	Cherry's line of general-purpose data-entry keyboards combines unmatched reliability and precise key action with proven ergonomic design and comfort to provide the highest levels of performance, even during high-speed or repeated actuation. With keyboards available in a variety of configurations and over 34 different language layouts, Cherry is able to offer a solution, no matter what your application demands. As the leader in mechanical and membrane keyswitch technologies, Cherry is able to offer a variety of solutions to match your particular keyboard needs.This environmentally friendly standard PC keyboard was the first in the world to be awarded the "Blue Angel" environmental symbol. It combines innovative technology with timeless design. And the NTK system - membrane contact switches with rubber-mat technology - makes it ideal for individual use.
D3539608	APC Smart-UPS protects your data by supplying reliable, network-grade power in either traditional Tower or Rack-optimized form factors for space constrained business critical applications. Award winning APC Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for protecting business critical fileservers (Intel or UNIX based), minicomputers, network switches and hubs, Point of Sale, retail/bank back office and ATM's. Rack Mount versions are the choice for rack optimized servers, server appliances, blade servers, other blade devices and rack-mounted network switches and hubs.With included PowerChute management software for servers and workstations, IT administrators can provide safe system shutdown and advanced UPS management (all major operating systems supported). Connectivity is through serial or USB port (USB not standard on all models). Additional manageability is available through the SmartSlot, an internal accessory slot that allows you to install optional accessories to enhance the performance of your UPS. Network connection with Web browser management and/or environmental monitoring, serial port expansion, and out-of-band management options are available. With pure sine-wave output ensuring compatibility with all connected devices, Intelligent Battery Management ensuring a highly available UPS and an advanced 16 segment bar graph display ensuring information and management, the Smart-UPS is a UPS you can count on.
D3539609	APC Smart-UPS protects your data by supplying reliable, network-grade power in either traditional Tower or Rack-optimized form factors for space constrained business critical applications. Award winning APC Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for protecting business critical fileservers (Intel or UNIX based), minicomputers, network switches and hubs, Point of Sale, retail/bank back office and ATM's. Rack Mount versions are the choice for rack optimized servers, server appliances, blade servers, other blade devices and rack-mounted network switches and hubs.With PowerChute management software for servers and workstations, IT administrators can provide safe system shutdown and advanced UPS management (all major operating systems supported). Connectivity is through serial or USB port (USB not standard on all models). Additional manageability is available through the SmartSlot, an internal accessory slot that allows you to install optional accessories to enhance the performance of your UPS. Network connection with Web browser management and/or environmental monitoring, serial port expansion, and out-of-band management options are available. With pure sine-wave output ensuring compatibility with all connected devices, Intelligent Battery Management ensuring a highly available UPS and an advanced 16 segment bar graph display ensuring information and management, the Smart-UPS is a UPS you can count on.
D3548259	The Maximum Series offers high-end surge protection for your advanced computers, peripherals, phone/fax, DSL/cable modems, and more. This model boasts 2700 Joules, 75, 000 Maximum Spike Amperage and 8-sockets.
D3548260	The Maximum Series offers high-end surge protection for your advanced computers, peripherals, phone/fax, DSL/cable modems, and more. This model boasts 2700 Joules, 75, 000 Maximum Spike Amperage and 8-sockets.
D3548890	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D3548892	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D3561549	NETGEAR's line of antennas and accessories gives you multiple options for maximizing the reach and performance of your wireless devices. Every WLAN deployment is unique. When planning a network that incorporates wireless, varying facility sizes, construction materials, distance between transmission points and physical obstructions must be accounted for. With both directional and omni-directional antennas (also referred to as range extenders), low-loss cables, mounting hardware, and other accessories, installers can customize a wireless solution that meets the requirements of even the most challenging applications.These antenna cables offer low loss at 2.4 GHz and added flexibility for setting up access points at a greater distance from a power source. They come with reverse SMA connectors and provide a standard connection optimized for use with NETGEAR's line of WLAN antennas, and Booster/Power Injector products.
D3563502	Cherry's line of general-purpose data-entry keyboards combines unmatched reliability and precise key action with proven ergonomic design and comfort to provide the highest levels of performance, even during high-speed or repeated actuation. With keyboards available in a variety of configurations and over 34 different language layouts, Cherry is able to offer a solution, no matter what your application demands. As the leader in mechanical and membrane keyswitch technologies, Cherry is able to offer a variety of solutions to match your particular keyboard needs.
D3585838	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality, fast delivery and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.
D3585870	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.
D3588756	TRENDnet's TK-400K 4-Port KVM Switch kit allows you to manage multiple PCs with just one keyboard, monitor, and mouse. Switch between PCs with a simple press of a button! Eliminate the hassle of cable swapping and save space with TRENDnet's TK-400K. It lets you control up to four PCs while using a single keyboard, monitor, and mouse. And with its Hot-Plug, Auto-Scan, Audible Feedback, and Hot-Key Operation features, TRENDnet's TK-400K is the perfect choice for managing multiple PCs.
D3590041	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman Tech strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:6-channel fan controller for 5.25"bay;Universal DC fan controller;Easy fan speed check with color/intensity-changing LED-lights;3-pin extension cable for convenient installation - for use when the fan's wire length is too short to reach the controller.
D3594468	The Hi-Speed USB 2.0 DockStation lets you use just two cables to connect parallel, serial, VGA, Ethernet and USB 2.0 devices to your notebook. It makes connecting your monitor and all your peripherals - your printer, scanner, external hard drivers, and more - easy and convenient. You can leave all of your devices attached to the DockStation; then, when you return to the office, two cables instantly connect all your devices to your notebook with Plug-and-Play ease. You don't even need to reboot.The Hi-Speed USB 2.0 DockStation provides two USB 2.0 ports, one parallel port, one 10Base-T/100Base-T Ethernet port, one VGA pass-through port for connecting your monitor, and one RS232 serial port.PRODUCT FEATURES:Saves space on your desktop;Features travel-friendly, compact design;Connects all your devices through one hub, using two cables;Installs with Plug-and-Play convenience;Brings hard-to-reach ports to your desktop for easy port access;Adds parallel, serial, VGA, Ethernet, and USB 2.0 ports to your computer.
D3595672	No matter how you like to fly, the Logitech Attack 3 Joystick will give you maximum control with minimum hassle. As soon as you wrap either hand around the comfortable handle, you'll immediately feel the smooth performance and precise control that tell you one important fact: this is no ordinary joystick. Plus, the enhanced firepower of the 11 programmable buttons on this stick will help put you at the top of your game - and keep you there.
D3595695	When the pressures on, your stick performance is the difference between victory and total oblivion. The Extreme 3D Pro twist handle joystick will never let you down. The 12 programmable buttons and 8-way rubber hat switch give you optimum control, personalized to your taste. Whether you're dropping bombs at a distance or firing guns in a dog fight, the stable and precise Extreme 3D Pro will have you dominating the enemy in no time.
D3606585	The Gold Series offers top-level surge protection for your professional workstations, Home Cinema, DSS systems, Projection TVs, 2-line business phones, DSL/Cable modems, and more. This model boasts 3240 Joules, 90, 000 Maximum Spike Amperage, 7-sockets.
D3610417	At 54 Mbps, this wireless 2.4 GHz 802.11b/g PCI card is much faster than existing 11 Mbps wireless networks and will supercharge the delivery of media-rich content to your desktop PC as never before. It easily handles huge digital video and MP3 files, firing them through your network at blazing speeds. It gives you continuous access to your home wireless router or office network, saves the time and expense of installing Ethernet cabling when you want to set up or expand a network, and makes it simple to relocate your desktop PC without rewiring. Moreover, it allows network users to wirelessly share a broadband Internet connection for access to corporate resources, the Internet, and e-mail all with the highest available level of industry standard WEP encryption security.This high-speed 802.11g PCI card delivers large files in the blink of an eye up to five times faster than 802.11b, allowing wireless video streaming for the first time ever. Dynamic rate shifting according to environmental conditions achieves the fastest possible connections.The card adds convenient mobility and reliable standards-based wireless connectivity to a network from a desktop PC via an 802.11b, 802.11g, or dual-band router or access point. It makes the most of your broadband connection, allowing network users to wirelessly share one IP address. The card quickly and easily networks employees for ongoing access to corporate resources, e-mail, and the Internet.Secure 40/64 and 128-bit Wired Equivalency Protection (WEP) encryption allows for secure data transfer and increased shielding from wireless eavesdroppers. The card supports Virtual Private Network (VPN) pass-through for protected communication over the public Internet. It is simple to install and use.
D3626889	This high performance desktop battery backup features maximum protection in a versatile design. The fully featured APC Back-UPS RS can be placed on the floor, or on a shelf. Up to six battery backup outlets with automatic voltage regulation (AVR) enable you to work through even the most frequent brownouts and power sags, keeping 75/90/110 minutes of battery power for when you need it most. For printers and other devices that do not store or process information, up to three additional outlets provide surge protection. Both Ethernet 10/100BaseT and telephone dataline surge protection safeguards against surges entering via network connections.
D3627644	This product is designed for Philips DVDR1000, HP DVD-Writer dvd100i, Ricoh MP5120A and such other devices which are marked by DVD+R logo.
D3633506	HP LaserJet Q2612A ultraprecise print cartridge produces output that is always clear, always sharp. It delivers the legendary quality and reliability of HP LaserJet printing. The easy-to-install cartridge and advanced toner work with the printer for cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D3638570	TRENDnet's TEG-S50TXE Copper Gigabit Ethernet Switch with External Power Supply consist of five 10/100/1000Mbps Copper Gigabit Ethernet ports with Auto-negotiation and Auto-MDIX features. The Switch offers a reliable and affordable LAN solution to meet immediate bandwidth demand. Users can connect Server(s) to the Gigabit port(s) to increase network performance or cascade Copper Gigabit Switches together to create high-bandwidth Gigabit backbones. TRENDnet's TEG-S50TXE provides simple migration, scalability and flexibility to handle new applications and data types making it a highly reliable and cost effective solution for high-speed network connectivity.
D3638571	TRENDnet's TEG-S80TXE Copper Gigabit Ethernet Switch with External Power Supply consist of eight 10/100/1000Mbps Copper Gigabit Ethernet ports with Auto-negotiation and Auto-MDIX features. The Switch offers a reliable and affordable LAN solution to meet immediate bandwidth demand. Users can connect Server(s) to the Gigabit port(s) to increase network performance or cascade Copper Gigabit Switches together to create high-bandwidth Gigabit backbones. TRENDnet's TEG-S80TXE provides simple migration, scalability and flexibility to handle new applications and data types, making it a highly reliable and cost effective solution for high-speed network connectivity.
D3643732	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman Tech strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:ZM-NB47J does not require a fan, and thus does not need to be powered and does not create noise or vibration;The Northbridge chipset can be cooled down to an optimal temperature without generation of noise.
D3659148	PRODUCT FEATURES:Full Aluminum construction with plastic panel;High speed up to 133MB/s(IDE), 480Mb/s(USB2.0), 400Mb/s(1394a);Supports IDE, USB2.0 and Firewire interfaces;Fan failure, hard drive overheat audio alarm;LCD display function for fan, temperature, hard drive statuses;Easily accessible drives Master / Slave setting (IDE only);Real-time plug & play, hot swapping (USB & Firewire only);Three segment key lock and display.
D3659596	TRENDnet's TBW-101UB Bluetooth USB Adapter allows you to make short-range wireless connections between your computer and Bluetooth enabled devices such as Cellular Phone, PDA, and Computer. It is compact and portable, eliminating the need for cables and physical connections between electronic devices. The Bluetooth USB Adapter transmission ensures both protection from interference and secured data transfers. Simply plug the USB Adapter into the USB port and enjoy the freedom and flexibility of Bluetooth wireless technology.
D3669152	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D3678132	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D3698284	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D3702733	The FC100 is a convenient, easy-to-use copier for either office or personal use. It provides continuous high quality copies, thanks to Canon's unique All-in-One cartridge concept.Thanks to their excellent copy quality and ease of use - just plug in and enjoy effortless copying - Canon personal copiers are by far the most popular choice. Now the FC100 brings you efficient and affordable copying, for either office or personal use. You can rely on consistently clean, clear and sharp copies. Canon's unique All-in-One cartridge includes the core copying elements (toner, drum, cleaner unit) making your copier virtually maintenance-free. Simply switch cartridges - without any mess - and your copier is almost as good as new. There's no warm-up time, so no waiting for copies. Plus, when you're not using your copier, auto switch-off reduces power consumption and therefore saves you money. You can copy on OHP film, colored paper, postcard sizes and, of course, plain paper. Giving you genuine copying versatility, whatever your requirements. This copier is stylish in any surroundings and suitable for the smallest space in your office or home. Plus a convenient carrying handle ensures easy portability.
D3702734	Thanks to their excellent copy quality and sheer ease of use - just plug in and enjoy effortless copying - Canon personal copiers are by far the most popular choice. Now the FC120 brings you efficient and affordable copying, whether for office or personal use. You can rely on consistently clean, clear and sharp copies. Canon's unique All-in-One cartridge includes the core copying elements (toner, drum, cleaner unit) making your copier virtually maintenance-free. Simply switch cartridges - without any mess - and your copier is almost as good as new. There's no warm-up time, so no waiting for copies. Plus, when you're not using your copier, auto switch-off reduces power consumption and therefore saves you money. With the FC120, you benefit from convenient features such as a 50-sheet bypass which handles all your copying needs smoothly - at 4 A4 copies per minute. Also automatic and manual exposure always ensure a perfect finish for both fine text and graphics. You can copy on OHP film, colored paper, postcard sizes and, of course, plain paper. Giving you genuine copying versatility, whatever your requirements. This copier is stylish in any surroundings and suitable for the smallest desk or space in your home or office. Plus a convenient carrying handle ensures easy portability.
D3717602	Want the fastest-ever untethered access to the Internet from your notebook PC? Then NETGEAR's 108 Mbps Wireless PC Card is just what you need. It achieves speeds up to 108 Mbps with Super GTM Technology, providing total mobility as you access your home wireless router, office network, or public hotspots. Even more, it lets you finally enjoy the best in advanced applications, such as video streaming, and at greater range with new antenna technology. NETGEAR's Smart Wizard install assistant makes setup so easy, you're ready to go within minutes. 802.11g standard compliance ensures interoperability with existing 802.11b and 802.11g networks.Delivers digital images, videos and MP3 files up to 10x faster than most existing 11b wireless networks - up to 108 Mbps with Super G Technology. New antenna technology permits greater range than available with previous-generation products. Dynamic rate shifting responds to environmental conditions in order to achieve the fastest possible connections.Lets you take your notebook anywhere from home to office, to the airport and other public access areas - without being tied to Ethernet cables. It works with 802.11b wireless routers and access points, ensuring compatibility with many existing hotspots and networks. Setup is a breeze with NETGEAR's Smart Wizard install assistant.Provides the highest available level of industry standard 128-bit WEP encryption, and it's upgradeable to Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) security. Use with the NETGEAR WGT624 108 Mbps Wireless Firewall Router for added firewall security.
D3719894	CD-R is short for "CD-Recordable". The discs are also known as WORM media, which stands for Write Once, Read Multiple. The advantage of CD-R over other types of optical media is that you can use the discs with a standard CD player. A related technology called CD-Rewritable (CD-RW) allows you to erase discs and reuse them, but the CD-RW media does not necessarily work in all players as technology has changed since certain models were brought out. The mechanical specifications of Verbatim media are very precise, and data written to it can be read in a wide range of drives.
D3730383	NETGEAR offers wireless, Ethernet, powerline and phoneline networking products through a complete line of routers, gateways, switches, hubs, and adapters. NETGEAR products offer the strongest security and privacy options available to protect home and business customers.
D3744593	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D3749386	Now you can push the performance limits of CD writing - it's easy with CD-R media from Verbatim. Verbatim DataLifePlus CD-R disks deliver reliable, error-free recording even at blazing speeds. The secret is in Verbatim's innovative "Super Azo" recording dye, optimized to provide stable and reliable high-speed recording with excellent sensitivity and the industries widest range of compatibility for today's CD-R drives. Verbatim CD-R media also feature a dual-protection layer that safeguards the recording layer and provides a longer archival life.
D3749388	Designed for broad read compatibility with DVD-ROM drives, and video players, Verbatim DVD+RW discs offer users 4.7GB of rewritable storage capacity. The DVD+RW format utilizes precise addressing (lossless linking) along with CAV (video) and CLV (PC data) recording, making it ideal for both professional applications and home video. Verbatim's SERL phase-change technology ensures error-free recording during erase/rewrite cycles. DVD+RW is read-compatible with most DVD Video and DVD-ROM drives.
D3752881	The AXIS 1611 network interface card can be directly connected to Canon CAPT printer LBP-2410, allowing you to easily share your printer resources with anyone on your network. Based on Axis ThinServer Technology, the AXIS 1611 requires no additional cabling and can be managed and configured using any standard Web browser.The AXIS 1611 network interface card provides high performance and reliability combined with low power consumption. The electronic circuits are based on AXIS ETRAX100LX, which comprises an integrated 32-bit RISC processor and associated network controllers. AXIS 1611 is designed to improve the printing performance, increase the efficiency and convenience of printing.
D3763872	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.
D3766766	When you don't have much space and need to keep weight down as well, you can't do better than this ultra-low-profile compact keyboard. Useful for applications in, e.g. banking, medical facilities or for portable systems. Equally suitable for 19 inch applications.
D3766937	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D3772382	Enermax Technology's main product range includes switching power supplies, PC cases, industrial PC cases, pedestal and tower server cases, CPU coolers, second fans, mobile racks and other peripherals. Enermax is always looking for the latest cutting-edge technology to offer its clients. Enermax's own design engineers work around the clock to come up with the best solutions and products to meet the demand of the market.PRODUCT FEATURES:"Low noise & Ultra Cool" thermal control power supply with dual fans design, thermal solution recommended by "AMD System Cooling Guidelines";Patent pending design-rpm manually adjustable function on 8cm Fan;Temp feedback circuit on 8cm fan to avoid overheating under improper rpm setting;Copper Shielding Tube on Main power, +12V, AUX and Extra +12V power connector for better EMI reduction;FM Function - allows system to monitor power supply for 8cm fan rpm;Thermal controlled 9cm fan rpm auto adjusting bases on temp detected inside power supply;Support Intel P4 and AMD XP & K8 CPU;+5Vsb 2.2A: sufficient standby power for PC system;Power Factor Correction: Active PFC, PF value e0.97 (higher or equal);Safety Approvals: UL, cUL, VDE, DEMKO, NEMKO, SEMKO, FIMKO;EMC Compatible with CE, FCC, CNS directives.
D3784258	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D3784259	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D3784261	Kingston is the world's largest independent memory manufacturer. In today's performance-driven environment, memory upgrades provide an easy, economical alternative to increase system performance. Every memory product Kingston offers is designed to help you get maximum performance at the best price to you.This memory is designed for the following systems:HP/Compaq Evo Business Desktop D330 Series;HP/Compaq Evo Business Desktop D530 Ultra-Slim Desktop;HP/Compaq Evo Business Desktop D530 SFF/Convertible Minitower;HP/Compaq Media Center m380.uk Photosmart PC;HP/Compaq Media Center PC m270/m270n;HP/Compaq Pavilion a290n;HP/Compaq Presario 8000T (CTO);HP/Compaq Presario S4000T (CTO);HP/Compaq Workstation xw3100.
D3784646	This 802.11g wireless router adds considerable power and flexibility to your network. Five products in one, it combines an ADSL modem, router, 10/100 LAN switch, 802.11g access point, and SPI True Firewall. It gives you untethered continuous connectivity to your network resources and the Internet, and allows you to share your broadband access with all of your networked computers wireless or with wires using Ethernet cables. Featuring high-speed 802.11g wireless capability - up to five times faster than 802.11b - it allows you to download large files, videoconference, and distribute and play high-quality digital movies, photos, and MP3s in the blink of an eye. Simple to use, it plugs directly into your ADSL line. An integrated switch lets you directly connect four computers or any combination of four computers, access points or printers. Setup couldn't be easier - NETGEAR's Smart Wizard install assistant and on-screen help guide you through each step. The Smart Wizard automatically detects and makes the best connection to your ISP. True Firewall protects your network with business-class security against intruders, including logs and alerts of break-in attempts, while VPN pass-through makes it safe to connect to your business network from home or office. The contemporary, sleek design of this unit suits your home or office.The DG834G gives you instant connectivity with or without wires, and works with your existing 802.11b devices as well as your new 54 Mbps 802.11g devices. A built-in ADSL modem furnishes direct, always-on Internet connectivity and multi-user access sharing at speeds up to 140 times faster than dial-up. This powerful router distributes MP3s, digital movies and photos with ultra-fast 10/100 switched LAN ports capable of speeds of 200 Mbps, and shares a single IP address with up to 253 users. And, it boasts double the memory and a 50% faster CPU than many popular routers.No need for a separate modem - this connects directly into your ADSL line. Built-in Port Forwarding settings, Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) and Virtual Private Network (VPN) pass-through make it simple to play Internet games, send instant messages, and host Internet services. User interface matches your local language (English, French, German or Italian). It supports PCs, Macintosh, and virtually all Ethernet devices, and comes with an Ethernet cable for connecting your first computer.True Firewall using Stateful Packet Inspection (SPI) and Intrusion Control features Denial of Service protection from hacker attacks, while VPN (Virtual Private Network) pass-through permits secure access to your office or corporate network and enables you to host VPN services. Content filtering lets you control access to inappropriate web sites and limit usage by time of day. Logs browsing activities and provides optional e-mail alerts so you can monitor access. DMZ support allows unrestricted access from the Internet to one computer (for hosting web services).
D3786407	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D3800314	Corsair Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices. The Value Select line is qualified for major current desktop systems.
D3805729	Engineered with ground-breaking technologies, the GigaWorks S750 is a 7.1 speaker system that represents the new state of the art in PC audio performance. The two additional surround speakers give FPS gamers the advantage of precise positional audio that a 5.1 speaker system simply can't match. And with a chest-thumping 210 Watt subwoofer, and the amazing detail delivered by titanium supertweeters in each two-way satellite speaker, the GigaWorks S750 will give you a more intense and dramatic experience with games, movies and music than you've ever imagined.
D3811470	Smart-UPS RT is a family of high performance UPSs for servers, networking equipment, telecommunication systems, industrial and medical equipment, and other mission-critical applications. Smart-UPS RT UPSs are based on the field-proven, industry-leading Smart-UPS functionality, but feature double conversion on-line topology, which delivers tight voltage and frequency regulation, zero transfer time to and from battery, and input power factor correction. While offering advanced performance and high availability features, the Smart-UPS RT can be managed using PowerChute software, as well as an array of SmartSlot accessories. Smart-UPS RT provides battery back up to the load through the use of internal batteries. However, an unlimited number of external battery packs can be added to meet desired levels of runtime. All Smart-UPS RTs and battery packs ship in tower configuration, while easily converting to the 19" rack-mount mode with the addition of an APC Rail Kit.
D3811656	Make your color printing easy, cost-effective, and reliable. Team HP color LaserJet 3500/3700 smart print cartridges with your printer for vibrant hues and sharp text.
D3811657	Make your color printing easy, cost-effective, and reliable. Team HP color LaserJet 3500/3700 smart print cartridges with your printer for vibrant hues and sharp text.
D3811658	Make your color printing easy, cost-effective, and reliable. Team HP color LaserJet 3500/3700 smart print cartridges with your printer for vibrant hues and sharp text.
D3812023	The Back-UPS RS offers high performance protection for your business and office computer systems. It provides abundant battery backup power, allowing you to work through medium and extended length power outages. It also safeguards your equipment from damaging surges and spikes that travel along utility, phone and network lines. A distinguishing feature of the Back-UPS RS is automatic voltage regulation (AVR). AVR instantly adjusts both low and high voltages to safe levels, so you can work indefinitely during brownouts and overvoltage situations, saving the battery for power outages when you need it most. Award-winning shutdown software automatically powers down your computer system in the event of an extended power outage.
D3813163	Make your color printing easy, cost-effective, and reliable. Team HP color LaserJet 3500/3700 smart print cartridges with your printer for vibrant hues and sharp text.
D3814670	This 80-wire ribbon cable features three differently colored connectors (blue= controller, black= master, grey= slave).
D3814924	Cherry WetEx is a flexible film that protects keyboards from liquid spills, dust and dirt.
D3820550	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D3821234	Small businesses are doing more with less in today's business environment. Information technology (IT) professionals can help small businesses do more by deploying Windows Small Business Server 2003 to provide security-enhanced, reliable IT infrastructure. Windows Small Business Server 2003 provides a complete business server solution with messaging and collaboration, security-enhanced Internet access, protected data storage, reliable printing, the ability to run line-of-business applications, and faxing. And its end-to-end administration features help technology providers set up, run, and maintain their networks productively and efficiently.
D3821716	Today's distributed mobile workforce requires secure, remote access to corporate network resources. Network security administrators need a VPN client solution that is simple to deploy, manageable and completely secure. NETGEAR's ProSafe VPN Client software delivers the ideal solution, with robust encryption and broad support across multiple connection types and Microsoft Windows operating platforms. The ProSafe VPN client provides easy setup and seamless compatibility with the full line of NETGEAR VPN/Firewall routers as well as compatibility with IPSec VPN solutions from other leading manufacturers. With the NETGEAR ProSafe VPN client, NETGEAR extends its line of cost-effective security offerings, providing a single-vendor solution for growing businesses.Supports a wide range of security protocols and authentication methods, including Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), Data Encryption Standard (DES), 3DES, Message-Digest Algorithm (MD5) and Secure Hash Algorithm (SHA-1). Also supports Public-Key Infrastructure (PKI) and Internet Key Exchange (IKE - Main and Aggressive modes), plus a wide range of Smart Cards and certificate authorities.Provides protected access to corporate resources via wireless, broadband, and dial-up connections. Supports NETGEAR VPN/Firewall routers, including the FVS318, FVL328, FVM318, and FWAG114, as well as many other IPSec-compliant VPN devices. Enables client-initiated VPNs from Windows 98, Me, XP, 2000, and Windows NT-based PCs.NETGEAR provides pre-configuration files for NETGEAR ProSafe VPN/Firewall routers to minimize setup and support costs of the ProSafe VPN client software. NETGEAR's ProSafe VPN client allows you to configure security policies and manage certificates through its Windows-based graphical user interface, and to create and distribute customized installations for easy setup of end users. The ProSafe VPN client includes several modules that make it easy to configure and diagnose connection problems:Includes Network Address Translation (NAT) traversal support for VPN clients behind devices that support VPN pass-through mode. Supports multiple configurations, including split tunneling, block tunneling, and central tunneling. Provides redundant gateway capability and keepalives for increased reliability.
D3852752	TRENDnet's TE100-S88Eplus, 8-port, palm-sized 10/100Mbps Fast Ethernet Switch, presents the perfect choice for small workgroups for any desktop space. It allows users to simply plug any port to either a 10Mbps or 100Mbps network to multiply bandwidth, boost response time and satisfy heavy load demands. The RJ-45 ports automatically negotiate between 10Base-T and 100Base-TX network speeds, half- and full-duplex modes, and MDI-II and MDI-X media types. TE100-S88Eplus is truly a Plug-n-Play device, which provides cost-effective and high-performance solutions.
D3866287	NETGEAR's WG602 Wireless Access Point lets you add IEEE 802.11g wireless access to your network. With its high-speed data transmission of up to 54 Mbps network users can share a broadband Internet connection, access e-mail, download large files, videoconference, and distribute and play digital images, videos, and MP3 files. Easy to set up and use, NETGEAR's Smart Wizard install assistant makes installations a cinch. And with Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA-PSK) security, you can rest assured that your wireless network communications are private.Simultaneously supports both IEEE 802.11b and 802.11g standard devices and networks. This dual mode capability protects your 802.11b wireless investment and, at the same time, has you ready for the up to five times faster 802.11g. Provides connectivity to a wired or wireless network for expanded bandwidth. Higher speeds expedite large file downloads and facilitate videoconferencing and the distribution and playing of high-quality multimedia content.
D3867622	The hand-held P-touch 2460 is a portable, easy to handle labeling printer. It produces durable barcode labels, pricing labels and sales messages simply, quickly and efficiently.
D3880144	A great way to listen to your iPod or other portable audio device, this innovation plugs your portables into your car's in-dash cassette player. It works with your MP3, CD, or cassette player, and with your PC or laptop to deliver high-quality sound on the road - anywhere you go. The Adapter reduces noise by automatically maintaining the correct tension within the cassette deck as you drive, so you get an outstanding mobile audio performance.
D3889797	Samsung exemplifies technological determination and progressive ideals. From technology to business to the philanthropy, Samsung has become a world leader for which the possibilities are truly endless.
D3896453	Toshiba introduces a 20GB 1.8-inch embedded HDD, the MK2004GAL. Enabling some of today's most exciting, small form factor mobile devices, the new mini-drives offer manufacturers significant storage for consumer, commercial and PC applications - such as music players, handheld PCs, PDAs, wearable computers and laptops. Toshiba is committed to grow with developers and users to provide smart computing solutions, backed by Toshiba-renowned quality and technology leadership.
D3900665	TRENDnet's TEW-431BRP 54Mbps Wireless Cable/DSL Router allows you to work where you want to by delivering high-performance wireless networking to your home or office. The TEW-431BRP includes a 54Mbps wireless access point, 4 x 10/100Mbps Switch and an Internet router all in one. The router complies with the IEEE 802.11g standard for assured compatibility with both 802.11g and 802.11b devices. Advanced wireless security includes Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) and up to 128-bit WEP encryption. Restrict Internet access to groups or individuals based on specific services, URL or Time/Date. Cut the wires and roam free knowing your information is secure with TRENDnet's 802.11g wireless products.
D3907197	For a truly simple way to bring the Internet to any room in your home, look no further than NETGEAR's Wall-Plugged Ethernet Bridge. It plugs into an electrical outlet and uses your existing electrical wiring to give your entire household access to your Cable/DSL connection. With no expensive new wiring or cabling to install, your family can surf the Web, participate in online gaming, send and receive e-mail, and share files and printers, all from different rooms at the same time. Uncomplicated and very quick to install, it plugs right into a wall outlet, reducing clutter and saving valuable desk space. Designed for ease of use, it has new, easy-to-read icon LEDs, and protects your network communications from eavesdroppers and hackers, while not increasing your electricity bill.
D3924715	CLP-500WB is a waste management, toner powder collection bottle. It must be replaced when the printer is filled with waste toner. It can prevent from overflowing waste toner causing bad printing quality.
D3926486	TRENDnet's TE100-P1U 10/100 Mini USB Print Server is an ideal network solution designed to transform any conventional USB printer into a shared resource on your network. TE100-P1U has a 10/100Mbps auto-sensing RJ-45 port, which connects to either 10Mbps or 100Mbps network. With its "Automatic IP" feature, the Print Server will automatically configure its IP address, making installation quick and easy. For advanced management, you can configure the print server using the Windows-Based Wizard, Admin Software or Web Browser. Also, the TE100-P1U supports Internet Printing Protocol, so users can print remotely to the USB printer via the Internet. Compact in design, but packed with features the TE100-P1U is the most cost effective way to add a USB printer anywhere on your network!
D3944807	The Automobile Power Unit (PU-100U) allows mobile users who frequently work from their car to charge or power their i80 mobile printer directly through a car power socket, helping to ensure they can print virtually anywhere.
D3950247	Corsair memory is specifically designed for rock-solid performance in the most demanding of applications. Data lines are specifically designed for noise immunity; clock lines are optimized for minimum skew. Corsair has many years of experience in qualifying high-performance memory, and has developed a knowledge base and track record, which is among the best in the industry. Corsair also has strict standards for product qualification; any changes in design, bill-of-materials, and/or supplier, must be re-qualified prior to shipment to end customers. These high standards have resulted in a very robust product, with extremely few failures, returns, or compatibility problems.
D3955394	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D3968767	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D3976837	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D3977231	TRENDnet's TEG-S224 is a 26-port 10/100/1000Mbps Gigabit Ethernet Switch with 24 10/100Mbps Fast Ethernet ports and 2 10/100/1000Mbps Copper Gigabit Ethernet ports. Users can connect Servers to the Gigabit port(s) to increase network performance or uplink Copper Gigabit Switches together to create a high-bandwidth Gigabit backbone. TRENDnet's TEG-S224 provides simple migration, scalability and flexibility to handle new applications and data types making it a highly reliable and cost effective solution for high-speed network connectivity.
D3977232	TRENDnet's TEG-160WS 16-port 10/100/1000Mbps Web-Based Smart Switch is the ideal Switch for network segmenting. It has 16 10/100/1000Mbps Auto-Sensing and Auto-MDIX ports for easy installation. TEG-160WS supports web browser configuration; Network Administrator can use web browser to configure port speed, port-based VLAN and QoS, and also monitor each port's status which provides simple migration, scalability, and flexibility to handle new applications and data types. TRENDnet's TEG-160WS is powerful and easy-to-use in reducing unnecessary broadcast traffic and enhance network security.
D3979135	Corsair memory is specifically designed for rock-solid performance in the most demanding of applications. Data lines are specifically designed for noise immunity; clock lines are optimized for minimum skew. Corsair has many years of experience in qualifying high-performance memory, and has developed a knowledge base and track record, which is among the best in the industry. Corsair also has strict standards for product qualification; any changes in design, bill-of-materials, and/or supplier, must be re-qualified prior to shipment to end customers. These high standards have resulted in a very robust product, with extremely few failures, returns, or compatibility problems.
D3981268	You can wait for passion. Or you can ignite it by using Silverstone first quality aluminum Drive Bay Transfer Bracket. Highly engineering production Aluminum front plate combines with steel body construction, this Drive Bay Transfer Bracket is able to install any brand of Floppy Driver and 3.5" Cardreader devices and Silverstone 3.5" series products.
D3985908	The Targus Wired Mini Optical Mouse features the latest optical technology including 800-dpi high resolution for precision and accuracy. This mouse is perfect for the road warrior who needs to save space. Using the "Screen-Scroller" wheel, you can scroll up, down, left or right and alternate between open applications. This optical mouse comes with a standard USB connection for true "plug and play" functionality. On the plane or in the office, this is the perfect mouse.
D3988404	The 10/100Mbps Parallel Print Server is designed to transform any conventional stand-alone parallel port printer into a shared resource on your network. Compact in design, but packed with features the TE100-P1P is the most cost effective way to add a parallel printer anywhere on your network!
D3996127	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4023778	NETGEAR's 54 Mbps Wireless USB 2.0 Adapter enables 54 Mbps wireless Internet access to either your desktop or notebook PC. Its antenna technology delivers greater range so you can move extended distances without losing your connection. Setup is now made quick and easy with a Smart Wizard install assistant. High-level WEP encryption shields your network from wireless eavesdroppers without sacrificing performance.This adapter supports office roaming for notebook PC users for shared broadband Internet access and resources. Gives you untethered mobility at home, the office, the airport, and other public hotspots. NETGEAR's Wireless LAN Manager lets you create profiles that reflect specific WLAN settings for each place you travel.The WG111 simply plugs into the external USB port of your PC, eliminating the need to open up your desktop PC. Gain full mobility with your notebook, or place your desktop anywhere in your home, without the need to use unsightly Ethernet cables. 802.11g standard compliance ensures interoperability with existing 802.11b and 802.11g networks. Setup is now made quick and easy with a new Smart Wizard install assistant.This adapter's compact, pocket-sized design allows it to be easily carried anywhere.
D4023779	NETGEAR's 54 Mbps Wireless USB 2.0 Adapter enables 54 Mbps wireless Internet access to either your desktop or notebook PC. Its antenna technology delivers greater range so you can move extended distances without losing your connection. Setup is now made quick and easy with a Smart Wizard install assistant. High-level WEP encryption shields your network from wireless eavesdroppers without sacrificing performance.This adapter supports office roaming for notebook PC users for shared broadband Internet access and resources. Gives you untethered mobility at home, the office, the airport, and other public hotspots. NETGEAR's Wireless LAN Manager lets you create profiles that reflect specific WLAN settings for each place you travel.The WG111 simply plugs into the external USB port of your PC, eliminating the need to open up your desktop PC. Gain full mobility with your notebook, or place your desktop anywhere in your home, without the need to use unsightly Ethernet cables. 802.11g standard compliance ensures interoperability with existing 802.11b and 802.11g networks. Setup is now made quick and easy with a new Smart Wizard install assistant.This adapter's compact, pocket-sized design allows it to be easily carried anywhere.
D4024929	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4025444	At just 7.5 ounces, Targus Mobile 70 Universal Auto/Air Adapter is lightweight, compact and ideal. Power your mobile devices wherever you go, in your car, on an airplane, boat or RV.
D4025446	Weighing just 7.5 ounces, Targus Mobile 70 Universal AC Power Adapter is lightweight, compact and ideal for travel. Leave your current power adapter at the office and use the Mobile 70 on the road or at home.
D4025448	The Targus 90W AC Notebook Power Adapter is the ideal portable power solution for mobile users needing to power their high-performance notebook (Pentium 4 +). In the home or in the office, this adapter will keep you switched on and productive. Utilising an intelligent tip system, this power adapter is compatible with all major notebook brands and will provide up to 90W continuous power for power-hungry notebooks. Combined with the optional Accessory Powering System, users can simultaneously charge or power their mobile phone or PDA thereby eliminating the need to carry extra bulky power adapters or chargers.The Targus 90W AC Notebook Power Adapter is compatible for use with Compaq, Dell, Fujitsu-Siemens, Gateway, HP, IBM, Panasonic, Sony and Toshiba notebooks.
D4040515	The Targus Wired Mini Optical Mouse features the latest optical technology including 800-dpi high resolution for precision and accuracy. This mouse is perfect for the road warrior who needs to save space. Using the "Screen-Scroller" wheel, you can scroll up, down, left or right and alternate between open applications. This optical mouse comes with a standard USB connection for true "plug and play" functionality. On the plane or in the office, this is the perfect mouse.
D4041476	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4044655	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4049765	Speeze is the brand that worldwide stands for a complete line top quality PC cooling solutions.PRODUCT FEATURES:HD min.: Hard disk at 7200 RPM;Dimensions: Bracket - 140.7x44x20mm;Double fan: 40x40x20mm;Bearing: Ball bearing;Rated speed 4500 RPM +/- 10%;Noise Level: 24.6 dBA;Air Flow: 2 x 10.0 CFM at 4, 500 RPM;Current A: 0.13 A;Life Hours Ball: 50.000 hrs;Features: Temperature control and Digital display;Connector: 4 Pin, power supply;Application: Any free 5.25 in the PC case.
D4049793	Speeze is the brand that worldwide stands for a complete line top quality PC cooling solutions.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 pin power supply connector;2 Fan Speed controllers.
D4049795	Speeze is the brand that worldwide stands for a complete line top quality PC cooling solutions.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 pin power supply connector;4 Fan Speed controllers.
D4053703	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.
D4054717	With its brushed aluminum faces and ebony styling, the Logitech Z-3e speaker system will dress up any workspace, whether it's in your home office, bedroom, or living room. The only thing that's more impressive than the Z-3e's great looks is its sound quality. Its two phase plug satellite speakers, which feature brushed aluminum removable grilles and durable cast metal stands, deliver crystal clear, room-filling music, dialogue, and sound effects. And thanks to its patented, award-winning pressure driver subwoofer technology, you'll hear all the bass you expect - and depending on how loud you turn up the subwoofer, you'll feel all the bass, too.
D4057220	Joining NETGEAR's family of Smart Switches with simple switch management at no extra cost, this 24-port Gigabit switch is high on value and capability. With 24 10/100/1000 Mbps ports, each capable of powering 2000 Mbps of data throughput in full-duplex mode, plus two optional fiber ports, it provides fast backbone and connects servers or power users, delivering large amounts of multimedia, image, and video information in no time at all. Ideal for combining 10, 100, and 1000 Mbps devices it delivers 10/100/1000 automatic speed and full/half-duplex sensing plus Auto Uplink on every port. Two hot-swappable Small Form factor Pluggable (SFP) GBIC slots provide optional fiber connectivity for greater distance. An intuitive, web-browser interface offers simple switch management, making it a snap to monitor switch performance, configure ports, even set up trunks, VLANs, and prioritization.
D4069545	ASRock is an energetic company with the support of strong R&D team and active marketing channels. ASRock's mission is to be an excellent opportunity for customers in the motherboard market who have yearned for a reliable, cost-effective motherboard brand for a long time. With its vision to provide reliable and affordable products, ASRock is confident that it can succeed in the motherboard industry and will continue to grow in other IT industry fields.PRODUCT FEATURES:Worldwide patent - ASRock A.G.I.8X - a gift for VGA upgrade on i865GV;FSB 800MHz;DDR 400/333/266, Dual Channel memory technology;Supports Hyper-Threading Technology;Integrated Intel Extreme Graphics 2;ASROCK I/O Plus - default 6 ready-to-use USB2.0 ports on rear panel;SerialATA 1.5Gb/s supports;5.1 Channel audio;Default 10/100 Ethernet PCI LAN;Multi-language quick installation guide.
D4079807	Marketing description is not available.
D4079809	Marketing description is not available.
D4079811	Marketing description is not available.
D4079812	Marketing description is not available.
D4081536	Corsair Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices. The Value Select line is qualified for major current desktop systems.
D4081538	Corsair Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices. The Value Select line is qualified for major current desktop systems.
D4095830	NETGEAR's Cable/DSL 54 Mbps Wireless Router lets you experience the blazing-fast network wireless speeds of 54 Mbps - up to five times faster than the popular 802.11b wireless network. These higher speeds make it a snap to web surf, download large files, videoconference, stream high-quality digital movies, MP3 music and photos and play online games. This wireless router also works with 802.11b wireless products so you can use it with your existing 802.11b devices and your new 54 Mbps, 802.11g devices. Auto-sensing chooses the fastest connections possible on your 10/100 Mbps wide area network and four local area network ports. True Firewall (SPI) advanced security provides maximum protection from professional hackers. URL blocking and e-mail alerts provide parents with controls to limit access to inappropriate web sites and monitor children's access. Simple to install, you just follow the cues shown on your PC screen and your router will be up and running in no time. Smart Wizard auto-detects and configures for the best ISP connection, while UPnP (Universal Plug and Play) makes it easy to use your computers, gaming consoles and other client devices - wireless and Ethernet - for gaming, instant messaging, and other applications.This product is bundled with NETGEAR WG111 54 Mbps Wireless USB 2.0 Adapter, which enables 54 Mbps wireless Internet access to either your desktop or notebook PC. New antenna technology delivers greater range so you can move extended distances without losing your connection. Setup is now made quick and easy with a new Smart Wizard install assistant. High-level WEP encryption shields your network from wireless eavesdroppers without sacrificing performance.
D4100053	The K7S41GX is ideal for the value market segment that requires a performance workstation on a cost effective budget. With Hybrid Booster and U-COP Technology K7S41GX performs a Safety Overclocking in no time. It's packed with the features such as onboard video, AGP8X, 2 PCI 2.0 slots, 5+1 channels audio, 10/100Mbs Ethernet LAN, four USB 2.0 ports, Micro ATX form factor.
D4100781	TRENDnet's TBW-102UB Bluetooth USB Adapter allows you to make short-range wireless connections between your computer and Bluetooth enabled devices such as Cellular Phone, PDA, and Computer. It is compact and portable, eliminating the need for cables and physical connections between electronic devices. The Bluetooth USB Adapter transmission ensures both protection from interference and secured data transfers. Simply plug the USB Adapter into the USB port and enjoy the freedom and flexibility of Bluetooth wireless technology.
D4107164	RaidSonic's target is to develop innovative products, which enrich and perfect the use of mass storage in a functional, aesthetic and high quality way. By the consequent use of high class components and materials RaidSonic has positioned its products in the upper level market segment.
D4109642	The XL City.Gear Notebook Case supports notebooks with up to 17" screen. Constructed of rugged nylon, the top-loading design makes it easy to get in and out of the notebook section - a must-have feature for those busy airport checkpoints. Items included are a removable mesh accessory pouch, removable CD/DVD sleeve that hold 8 discs and a detachable mobile phone case. Other features include a padded section for your notebook's protection, a zip-down workstation with storage for business cards, media, pens, pencils and more. There is a rear document storage section and a luggage strap for easy attachment to rolling cases.
D4123906	Silverstone's mission is to be the number one in the areas of quality, service, innovation and cost efficiency. Silverstone commits itself to the morality of uprightness, dexterity, truthfulness and assiduity.PRODUCT FEATURES:Reduces hard drive surface temperature;Anti-vibration design reduces noise;Extrusion aluminum bezel;Special dual oval intake grille design.
D4127168	Silverstone's mission is to be the number one in the areas of quality, service, innovation and cost efficiency. Silverstone commits itself to the morality of uprightness, dexterity, truthfulness and assiduity.PRODUCT FEATURES:Elegant style that rivals expensive piano;Efficient design for Mini-ITX motherboard;Perfect for space limited application;Smallest possible design with 5.25" drive bay.
D4128102	Make all your color laser printing easy, reliable, and cost-effective with HP's smart print cartridges. Sharp black text provided by HP's improved fusing technology make this cartridge a winner.
D4128103	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4128104	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4128105	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4132093	APC Smart-UPS RT is a family of high performance UPSs for servers, networking equipment, telecommunication systems, industrial and medical equipment, and other mission-critical applications. Smart-UPS RT UPSs are based on the field-proven, industry-leading Smart-UPS functionality, but features double conversion on-line topology, which delivers tight voltage and frequency regulation, zero transfer time to and from battery, and input power factor correction. While offering advanced performance and high availability features, the Smart-UPS RT can be managed using PowerChute software, as well as an array of SmartSlot accessories. Smart-UPS RT provides battery back-up to the load through the use of internal batteries. However, an unlimited number of external battery packs can be added to meet desired levels of runtime.
D4132398	ASUS - Innovative Solutions for a Limitless Tomorrow. ASUS is devoted to providing leading-edge technologies, and best-value solutions of the highest quality to all its customers. ASUS provides innovative technology solutions to consumer, corporate and top-tier OEM customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Stylish Bezel;Flexible Front I/O Option;Good Thermal Solution;Solid Mechanical Construction.
D4132400	ASUS - Innovative Solutions for a Limitless Tomorrow. ASUS is devoted to providing leading-edge technologies, and best-value solutions of the highest quality to all its customers. ASUS provides innovative technology solutions to consumer, corporate and top-tier OEM customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Stylish Bezel;5.25" external bay tray in-out structure;3.5" external bay and front I/O covered;Snap on/off solution for quick installation;Multi-color power LED as HDD runs;Flexible Front I/O Option;Back window with COM2 and key lock support;Optional front I/O for USB and IEEE1394;Good Thermal Solution;Support up to Prescott 3.6G;Optional 2nd fan for upgraded ventilation;Excellent cooling system with room for expansion;2 new side-venting areas dedicated for CPU and AGP in support of enhanced heat dissipation;Solid Mechanical Construction;Full EMI features prevent radiation emission;Friendly design for fast assembly/maintenance;C-curve design enhances mechanical strength and eliminates sharp edges;Folded edge for safe device installation;Space saving.
D4139810	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.
D4141949	APC sets the standard in its industry for quality, innovation and support. Its comprehensive solutions, which are designed for both home and corporate environments, improve the manageability, availability and performance of sensitive electronic, network, communications and industrial equipment of all sizes. The mission of APC is to improve the manageability, availability, and performance of information and communication systems through rapid development and delivery of innovative solutions to real customer problems.
D4142168	Durable, reliable, high quality and easy to use, the G81 3000 is the standard PC keyboard for the most demanding requirements. It features timeless design and FTSC technology to give reliable service.
D4142170	This environmentally friendly standard PC keyboard was the first in the world to be awarded the "Blue Angel" environmental symbol. It combines innovative technology with timeless design. And the NTK system - membrane contact switches with rubber-mat technology - makes it ideal for individual use.
D4145209	Smart-UPS protects your data by supplying network-grade battery backup when power fails. With PowerChute plus software the uninterruptible power supply (UPS) will safely store data and shut down your network operating system before the battery is fully discharged, whether you're there or not. SmartSlot internal accessory slot allows you to install optional accessories to enhance the performance of your UPS. APC Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for fileservers, minicomputers, UNIX CPUs, Internet hubs, telecommunications systems and other mission-critical applications.
D4145344	Smart-UPS RT is a family of high-performance UPSs for servers, networking equipment, telecommunication systems, industrial and medical equipment, and other mission-critical applications. Smart-UPS RT UPSs are based on the field-proven, industry-leading Smart-UPS functionality, but feature double conversion on-line topology, which delivers tight voltage and frequency regulation, zero transfer time to and from battery, and input power factor correction. While offering advanced performance and high availability features, the Smart-UPS RT can be managed using PowerChute software, as well as an array of SmartSlot accessories. Smart-UPS RT provides battery back up to the load through the use of internal batteries. However, an unlimited number of external battery packs can be added to meet desired levels of runtime. All Smart-UPS RTs and battery packs ship in tower configuration, while easily converting to the 19" rack-mount mode with the addition of an APC Rail Kit.
D4149589	For a high-speed network on a small scale, nothing delivers like this stylish powerhouse. This fast, easy, and affordable Gigabit switch gives your home network the maximum capacity to handle huge bandwidth. Packed with ease-of-use features to simplify your networking experience, its sleek design makes it look great on a desktop - either flat or in the provided stand. The GS608 moves very large files such as high-end multimedia, gaming, Internet access, and other speed-intensive applications across your network instantly, and because it is standards-based, it painlessly integrates existing 10, 100, and 1000 Mbps devices on your network. The fan-less design results in silent operation allowing you to focus on your game or relax to your music. Matched with NETGEAR's thorough testing, the GS600 switches provide long-lasting performance you can count on.
D4152813	Whether for access checks, network log-on or smart card-based Internet transactions – the smart card reader with USB connection is specially designed to get the job done.
D4161681	APC Smart-UPS RT is a family of high-density, performance UPSs for voice and data networks, medical labs, and light industrial applications. Featuring double conversion on-line topology, the Smart-UPS RT protects your data by supplying reliable, network-grade power. An unlimited number of matching battery packs can be added to comply with aggressive runtime demands of "always on" business-critical systems. Rack-optimized models are an ideal choice for space constrained environments. With capacity up to 10kVA in a convenient rack-mountable 6U form, users can support power hungry blade servers or heavily loaded equipment racks. Customers looking for extremely tight voltage and frequency regulation, internal bypass, and input power factor correction will find them in the Smart-UPS RT.
D4168810	The Logitech Cordless Click! Plus Rechargeable Optical Mouse combines powerful features with the convenience of a rechargeable battery system. It features a tilt wheel with zoom for side-to-side scrolling and zooming in and out, a handy application switch to jump between open windows with the touch of a button, and universal forward/back buttons to move through document pages faster. The right-handed shape is contoured for a natural fit.
D4168814	Logitech has taken its award-winning Z-680 speaker system and made it even better. How? By improving everything from the subwoofer to the satellites and adding new innovations like real-time digital sound equalization.The result is the Logitech Z-5500 Digital, a THX-certified, 505-watt 5.1 surround sound speaker system that offers everything you could possibly want... and some things you didn't even know you needed. And once you plug in your PC, DVD or music player, or video game console, you'll never want to listen to anything else.
D4168816	If you love music, you'll love the Logitech Z-2300, a 2.1 speaker system that combines everything you need in a sound system: THX -certified performance and quality, beautiful looks, and more than enough power to fill your room with great sound.
D4168820	Cruise to victory with the Logitech Formula Vibration Feedback Wheel! Pull out the extendable wings to kick back and race with the wheel in your lap, or attach the included suction cups for a rock-solid driving experience on your desk. The included software allows you to tweak your wheel for maximum performance, and the 12 programmable buttons, wheel mounted paddle shifters, responsive gas and brake pedals, and dual vibration motors help you feel like you're really on the racetrack.
D4168821	Just connect and play. Now you can get more precise control on sport, action, adventure, role-playing, driving, and other games with the Logitech Precision Gamepad. A unique new directional pad design delivers more responsiveness than ever. Logitech Precision Gamepad features 4 triggers, 6 action buttons and an 8-way directional pad. It offers the quality and performance Logitech is famous for - in a simple, comfortable, affordable controller.PRODUCT FEATURES:Easy to setup and use with your favorite games;High-precision piston D pad;Comfortable design with familiar button layout;Cool translucent color;Connect to any PC or Mac USB port.
D4168866	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4168990	Optimum security is particularly essential for home banking to prevent sensitive data from entering the wrong hands. That's where SmartBoard with HBCI smart card reader comes in - designed for digital signatures in accordance with SigG. Its advantage: thanks to direct input of the PIN with the smart card, data cannot be entered openly in the PC. Other applications: access checks, network log-on and smart card-based internet transactions.
D4168992	Your patients trust you - trust your keyboard! The smart card reader of the German health insurance keyboard G80-1502 is for use with German health insurance cards and other smart cards and enables secure PIN entry (class 2 reader). This keyboard fulfills the highest requirements in the daily life of your practice!
D4170941	The Back-UPS CS provides professional-grade power protection for office and home office systems. Battery powered and surge protected power outlets, built-in phone/fax/modem line (DSL compatible) protection, safe system shutdown software with sophisticated power management features and pro-active audio-visual status indicators ensure office systems and their valuable data are protected from dangerous power surges, spikes and blackouts. Serial or USB connectivity gives users more flexibility making installation quicker and easier. Easy access to a hot-swappable, user-replaceable battery also makes servicing the Back-UPS CS hassle-free. These features along with its classic styling make the Back-UPS CS a perfect choice for protecting your important office and home office systems.
D4171308	The ultimate in reliability and recording performance is yours with Verbatim CD-R media. These advanced discs enable you to take full advantage of today's CD-R burners. With Verbatim CD-R media, you'll enjoy error-free performance even at the highest read/write speeds. Verbatim CD-R discs also feature an advanced surface coating that protects from scratches that can damage the recording layer.
D4173884	E-mail from your favorite corner of the sofa; surf the Web in your back yard? No problem! BlueFRITZ! USB, the thumb-sized USB dongle, gives PCs and notebooks wireless access to ISDN and the Internet via Bluetooth . After its simple plug & play installation, BlueFRITZ! USB connects to the BlueFRITZ! access point, and your PC is on-line.
D4174186	ValueRAM's KVR533D2N4/256 is a 32M x 64-bit (256MB) CL4 DDR533 SDRAM (Synchronous DRAM) memory module. The components on this module include eight 32M x 8-bit (8M x 8-bit x 4 Bank) DDR533 SDRAM in FBGA packages. This 240-pin DIMM uses gold contact fingers and requires +1.8V.
D4174187	ValueRAM's KVR533D2N4/1G is a 128M x 64-bit (1GB) DDR533 CL4 SDRAM (Synchronous DRAM) memory module. The components on this module include sixteen 64M x 8-bit (16M x 8-bit x 4 Bank) DDR533 SDRAM in FBGA packages. This 240-pin DIMM uses gold contact fingers and requires +1.8V.
D4174990	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D4183527	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:Real time display of power consumption;Four sensors for temperature monitoring and display;Monitoring and control of one PWM fan and three standard fans;Alarm system to notify non-operation of any of the fans;Fan's operation status indicated with animated propeller images.
D4188629	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:External USB sound system with true 5.1 and virtual 7.1 audio channels for amazing surround sound;Easy installation: Connects instantly to the USB port of your notebook or PC;Supports most universal 3D sound standards for optimal experience of DVD movies and games;Numerous environmental sound and equalizer settings supported to enrich the sound;Powered by USB; no power adapter required.
D4194974	This product was designed to optimize heat dissipation for excellent cooling performance. Dual heat pipes increase heat transfer speed and enhance the cooling efficiency. The fanless design ensures complete noiselessness and maintenance-free operation. Compatibility with virtually all types of VGA cards allows reinstallation when upgrading the VGA card. (Incompatible with VGA cards that do not have original heatsink holes measuring 3mm in diameter, or VGA cards on which the ZM80D-HP interferes with the card's components.)
D4198168	Cameo DV 800 and the full version of VideoStudio 8 are the perfect team for comfortably editing your digital videos. Import DV movies via FireWire to your PC. Let your creativity direct the show - easy usability and many clever functions support you in making your final cuts effortlessly. Now you can transfer your movies to digital video devices or directly burn them to DVD or Video-CD. All these steps can be realized in realtime - this means less waiting and more time for creating!Import your digital videos to your PC in realtime - the three FireWire interfaces also allow to connect up to 62 further FireWire devices like hard disks, scanners, mobile data carriers etc. In addition, Cameo DV 800 offers a total of four USB 2.0 interfaces for connecting digital photo cameras, printers and further USB 1.1/2.0 periphery.VideoStudio 8 provides you with a great deal of options to edit your imported videos and jazz them up with a wide-ranging palette of effects - no more boundaries for your creativity! Spice up your movies with video-in-video effects, animated titles, audio tracks and live comments. In face of the wide functional range your work will be easy, efficient, smooth and always in realtime.According to requirements you can transfer your finalized movies to mobile data carriers via FireWire or USB 2.0. Of course you can also directly create DVDs and Video-CDs with your own titles, menus and buttons. Even mobiles/PDAs with video function and web-based video albums are supported - present your movies whenever and wherever you want!Cameo DV 800's scope of delivery includes everything you'll need for a direct and successful start into the world of video editing: A fitting FireWire cable as well as a quick start guide and a detailed printed manual with more than 200 pages. In most cases there's no need to buy any further accessories!
D4200670	A Lens Hood is one of the most important accessories for each lens you own. A lens hood provides multiple functions: it shades the lens from stray light, improving your contrast and image quality; in inclement weather, it can assist in keeping moisture or wind-blown debris off the lens; and it protects the front barrel from the inevitable impacts against walls, door frames, and other real-life obstacles.
D4205101	Corsair Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices. The Value Select line is qualified for major current desktop systems.
D4215712	The mission of Teac is to effectively develop, manufacture, market and support a diversity of innovative, technologically advanced devices that benefit customers and contribute to the profitability of the company. TEAC's vision is to be recognized as a responsive, global supplier of consistently high-quality products that enhance the capabilities and fulfill the needs of those who use them.PRODUCT FEATURES:Includes internal multi card reader and slim type floppy drive;Internal USB 2.0 solution for archiving images directly;Supports all types of compact flash or smart media cards;Easy picture transfer to desktop-PC.
D4216118	Marketing description is not available.
D4216119	Marketing description is not available.
D4219711	PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 1.1 and USB 2.0 compatible;Keyboard hotkey switching;Power supply via USB.
D4226384	Sony MPF920-Z is an easy-to-install internal 3.5-inch FDD.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with 720 KB and 1.44 MB 3.5-inch floppy disks;Ideal for replacing older floppy drive, or adding a second drive;Standard 34-pin floppy drive interface for easy installation;Legendary quality from Sony - the inventor of the 3.5-inch floppy;High quality construction for years of reliable service.
D4230356	PRODUCT FEATURES:Webcam:Ultra-compact and nice lookingUSB plugFixation system to laptop and desktop350 000 pixels, 640 x 480 VGA resolution, up to 30 images / secWorks even in the shadows360° lateral rotation, 180° vertical rotationStereo headset with microphone:Collapsible for easy storageNeckband and light-weighted: ergonomicAdjustable microphone including noise reduction30 mm diameter earphonesVolume control, mute / micro switchIdeal for chat, telephone via internet, online gaming, video-conference
D4231726	The HP 348 photo inkjet print cartridge produces impressive, true-to-life color for photo printing.This cartridge is designed to deliver more realistic skin tones, vibrant colors, and enhanced contrast. It can work alone or together with the HP 343 or HP 344 tri-color inkjet print cartridges and the HP 100 gray photo inkjet print cartridge in certain models of printers.All combinations will provide excellent results, or switch between these different products to get the best results for the way you wish to print.
D4231727	The HP 344 tri-color inkjet print cartridge provides vivid color for printing high volumes of multi-color documents, graphics, and photos.This cartridge prints impressive life-like color for all your printing needs. It can work alone or together with the HP 338 or HP 339 black inkjet print cartridges, the HP 348 photo inkjet print cartridge, or the HP 100 gray photo inkjet print cartridge.All combinations will provide excellent results, or switch between these different products to get the best results for the way you wish to print.
D4231730	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4231731	The HP 343 tri-color inkjet print cartridge provides rich, life-like color for printing multi-color documents, graphics, and photos.This cartridge is designed to deliver outstanding print quality across a wide variety of printing situations. It can work alone or together with the HP 338 or HP 339 black inkjet print cartridges, the HP 348 photo inkjet print cartridge, or the HP 100 gray photo inkjet print cartridge.All combinations will provide excellent results, or switch between these different products to get the best results for the way you wish to print.
D4231732	The HP No.338 Black Inkjet Print Cartridge is designed for home and small office users looking for an easy-to-use cartridge that delivers sharp black text and trouble-free performance. Ideal for letters, projects and other text-based documents.
D4245653	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4245665	The Canon XL2 allows you to capture images closer to the finished product than ever before. Work that previously was limited to post-production can be simply and effectively accomplished in the field, in the camcorder.An Open Architecture philosophy, performance found only in much more expensive video cameras, Total Image Control and the solid foundation of Genuine Canon Optics, interchangeable lens capability and superb Canon image processing quality are united in the XL2.The XL2 brings a host of performance and convenience features to this class of video camcorder- benefits that can't be found in this combination on other high-end video cameras. They include: Canon Super Range Optical Image Stabilization in the standard lens; dual aspect ratios; various frame rate capabilities; image gamma and detail controls; skin detail control and convertible LCD display and among others.Unprecedented image control coordination between two XL2 cameras, remote computer camera control and direct video recording to computer are just a part of the capabilities of the XL2. Never before has so much creative power been put in the hands of the film maker, video artist, and corporate and event videographer.
D4250679	From its award winning Creative Inspire series, Creative Technology brings you Creative Inspire T7900. Featuring 2 additional speakers than normal 5.1 speaker systems, this system is tuned to deliver the fullest and richest surround sound experience available. Its 3-front speakers each possess a tweeter that serves as an extension to the mid range driver, delivering accurate and smoother highs with clean mids frequencies to create perfect tonal balance which is ideal for music playback.A significant feature of Creative Inspire T7900 is its Dolby Digital EX, DTS ES and Microsoft DirectSound 3D support for ultra realistic movies and games when combined with a 7.1 sound card, such as Sound Blaster Audigy 2 ZS. What's more, Creative's proprietary CMSS ‚ upmix technology can simulate realistic 7.1 surround sound even with any 5.1 and 6.1 sound cards. Combined with a full-featured wired remote, Creative Inspire T7900 is your complete audio entertainment system.
D4252895	Silverstone is specializing in unique ID design and mechanical design for all kinds of aluminum alloy products. The company is targeting at the special solution for low acoustic and high performance electronic thermal solutions.PRODUCT FEATURES:Classically styled aluminum panel;VFD (Vacuum Fluorescent Display);Green light display with 3m range;5.25" drive bay moule;The choice for top-level enthusiasts;VFD content can be created by user.
D4265178	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman Tech strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.
D4266322	Kingston is the world's largest independent memory manufacturer. In today's performance-driven environment, memory upgrades provide an easy, economical alternative to increase system performance. Every memory product Kingston offers is designed to help you get maximum performance at the best price to you.
D4278331	Super Silent 4 Ultra TCA features 92 x 92 mm heatsink with 38 fins that offers highest surface area. The low speed 92 mm fan reduces the noise level to a minimum. The patented fan holder is able to practically eliminate the typical buzzing sound of 92 mm fans.With 374 g is the Super Silent 4 Ultra still within the Intel specifications and therefore one of the lightest low noise coolers. This lowers the risk to damage the Retention Module or Motherboard.Thanks to a for the airflow important height of just 47 mm, this cooler can also be used in a low profile PC case.The Fan has been mounted onto four rubber supports to stop vibrations being transmitted to the heat sink.The Super Silent 4 Ultra shows a good cooling performance at a very low noise level and an affordable price.The fastening mechanism with two levers allows a fast and easy mounting.
D4282108	This environmentally friendly standard PC keyboard was the first in the world to be awarded the "Blue Angel" environmental symbol. It combines innovative technology with timeless design. And the NTK system - membrane contact switches with rubber-mat technology - makes it ideal for individual use.
D4299513	So, you like to plunge into a suspense filled game every so often, but don't want to miss out on quality sound effects? Or maybe you just want the sound quality of your MP3s to be as good as gold? If so, the Aureon 5.1 PCI is just right for you, offering affordable, first-class sound quality.The Aureon 5.1 PCI offers everything you need to achieve perfect sound. With up to 6 (5.1) channels for connecting 2, 4 or 6 loudspeakers and top-quality recording and playback at up to 48 kHz. Optical digital inputs and outputs guarantee lossless recordings and the right connection for DVD, DAT or MiniDisc recorders. And to ensure perfect clarity in gaming entertainment, all popular 3D-sound standards are supported - from EAX 2.0/1.0- A3D and I3Dl2 to Direct Sound 3D and Sensaura 3D.
D4302953	Verbatim continues to provide consumers with the ultimate choice in recordable DVD media. With sales of DVD recordable media going from strength-to-strength, Verbatim continues to expand its range to cater for all. Latest DVD-RW media is 4x!Verbatim's DVD-Rewriteable use a Super Eutectic Recording Layer (SERL). SERL ensures that noise-free recording can be enjoyed time and time again. With conventional rewriteable media, the recording layer deteriorates with every rewrite, meaning a decrease in quality. With Verbatim rewriteable media however, the recording layer is returned to perfect condition on every erase cycle, leaving a flawless disk for the next recording. SERL also enables this media to enjoy excellent archival stability and high-speed recording. This means users can enjoy perfect, high-speed data storage every time.The discs also benefit from precision molding technology that ensures that the disc surface remains as flat as possible, once again minimizing errors.
D4310222	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4310228	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4312909	Travel lighter with the Targus Rolling Travel Notebook Case. The unique design allows you to comfortably store your large-size notebook in addition to clothing and personal accessories. A special overnight luggage section provides enough room for a change of clothes, perfect for short business trips. All necessary notebook case features abound including a zip-down workstation with storage for your mobile accessories, pen loops, key clip and business card holder. The smooth-rolling wheels and telescoping handle make this rolling case a perfect companion for the businessperson on the go.
D4314830	Your patients trust you - trust your keyboard! The smart card reader of the German health insurance keyboard G80-1502 is for use with German health insurance cards and other smart cards and enables secure PIN entry (class 2 reader). This keyboard fulfills the highest requirements in the daily life of your practice!
D4316431	The Universal ceiling mount enables you to mount an Acer projector in any room.
D4323601	Work smart. The legendary quality and reliability of HP is built into the HP LaserJet Q5949 print cartridge, delivering professional print quality and excellent value to your business. You can count on great results every time because HP cartridges and HP printers are designed together. HP's microfine toner formula and all-in-one cartridge components are precisely matched to provide consistently sharp text and smooth grayscale transitions throughout the life of the cartridge. Innovative HP Smart Printing technology in HP supplies and the printer makes HP printing supplies an easy to use, cost-effective choice. Receive automatic alerts when a cartridge is low. With HP Smart Printing technology that saves you time and lowers overall printing costs, the HP LaserJet Q5949 print cartridge is a perfect fit for the budget-conscious office.
D4323602	HP LaserJet Q5949 Family Print Cartridges with Smart Printing Technology [p1] are designed for the HP LaserJet 1320/3390aio/3392aio series. They are reliable and easy to use and deliver outstanding print quality. HP's advanced toner formulation further enhances results and HP Smart Printing Technology enables efficient supplies management and cost-effective performance.
D4323956	Work smart. The legendary quality and reliability of HP is built into this HP LaserJet Print Cartridge, delivering professional print quality and excellent value to your business. Reliable performance means less user intervention and more productivity. To ensure consistently outstanding results, HP LaserJet print cartridges and printers are designed together. Interactive HP Smart Print technology makes automatic adjustments to optimize print quality and enhance reliability. HP's microfine toner provides highly accurate placement and control to ensure consistently sharp text and smooth grayscales. (Using genuine HP supplies ensures availability of all HP printing features.) HP Smart Print technology and the all-in-one cartridge design make HP supplies easy to use and maintain, saving you time and lowering overall printing costs. Receive automatic alerts when a cartridge is low or out.
D4323957	Work smart. The legendary quality and reliability of HP is built into the HP LaserJet Q5942 (42X) Print Cartridge, delivering professional print quality and excellent value to your business. Reliable performance means less user intervention and more productivity. To ensure consistently outstanding results, HP LaserJet print cartridges and printers are designed together. Interactive HP Smart Print technology makes automatic adjustments to optimize print quality and enhance reliability. HP's microfine toner provides highly accurate placement and control to ensure consistently sharp text and smooth grayscales. (Using genuine HP supplies ensures availability of all HP printing features.) HP Smart Print technology and the all-in-one cartridge design makes HP supplies easy to use and maintain, saving you time and lowering overall printing costs. Receive automatic alerts when a cartridge is low or out.
D4327501	The Targus Mini Optical Mouse with Retractable USB Cord is the perfect device for busy travelers. The ultra-compact mini mouse fits easily into a travel pouch for easy storage. Utilizing optical technology providing 800dpi for precise tracking on most surfaces, this mobile mouse also features a retractable USB cable ensuring there are no tangled cords so you can use it wherever you want.
D4329303	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4329965	DVD+RW is another exciting DVD rewritable format. Sporting a capacity of 4.7GB, DVD+RW media is designed to achieve excellent compatibility with current and future DVD drives and video players. Always on the forefront of technology, Verbatim will have DVD+RW media to support the initial PC and consumer video hardware launches.
D4335226	Preferred by DVD drive manufacturers, Verbatim DVD media continues to set the standard for high-speed disc performance, reliability, and compatibility.PRODUCT FEATURES:SERL Technology;Superior Archival Life;Recordable in CLV (Video) or CAV (PC data) formats;Read compatible with most DVD video players and DVD-ROM drives;1000 overwrites.
D4343566	As home networking continues to spread and evolve at rapid speed, some users find that their wireless router does not reach all corners or their home, or that they would like to have their wireless network originate from a point of their choosing, rather than be tethered to the point where the Internet enters their home. Other users would rather have a wireless network where no product is on the floor, and no cables are visible at all.The WGXB102 allows the user to have their wireless network originate from the middle of their home, or from even the furthest extremity, with no cables visible. The kit consists of the XE102 Wall-Plugged Ethernet bridge and a WGX102 54 Mbps Wall-Plugged Wireless Range Extender. The XE102 connects to an existing wired or wireless router from any vendor, and the WGX102 can be plugged into any electrical outlet to create an area of wireless access.Plug the XE102 into a wired or wireless router from any vendor, and then plug the WGX102 into any power outlet at your desired location to provide wireless access where desired.A new wall-plugged form factor allows the user to have a full wireless network without any visible Ethernet cables, and without any floor or desk space occupied. The sleek platinum casing blends well into any home decor.
D4343567	As home networking continues to spread and evolve at rapid speed, some users find that their wireless router does not reach all corners or their home, or that they would like to have their wireless network originate from a point of their choosing, rather than be tethered to the point where the Internet enters their home. Other users would rather have a wireless network where no product is on the floor, and no cables are visible at all.The WGXB102 allows the user to have their wireless network originate from the middle of their home, or from even the furthest extremity, with no cables visible. The kit consists of the XE102 Wall-Plugged Ethernet bridge and a WGX102 54 Mbps Wall-Plugged Wireless Range Extender. The XE102 connects to an existing wired or wireless router from any vendor, and the WGX102 can be plugged into any electrical outlet to create an area of wireless access.Plug the XE102 into a wired or wireless router from any vendor, and then plug the WGX102 into any power outlet at your desired location to provide wireless access where desired.A new wall-plugged form factor allows the user to have a full wireless network without any visible Ethernet cables, and without any floor or desk space occupied. The sleek platinum casing blends well into any home decor.
D4359681	Work smart. The legendary quality and reliability of HP is built into this HP LaserJet Print Cartridge, delivering professional print quality and excellent value to your business. Reliable performance means less user intervention and more productivity. To ensure consistently outstanding results, HP LaserJet print cartridges and printers are designed together. Interactive HP Smart Print technology makes automatic adjustments to optimize print quality and enhance reliability. HP's microfine toner provides highly accurate placement and control to ensure consistently sharp text and smooth grayscales. (Using genuine HP supplies ensures availability of all HP printing features.) HP Smart Print technology and the all-in-one cartridge design make HP supplies easy to use and maintain, saving you time and lowering overall printing costs. Receive automatic alerts when a cartridge is low or out.
D4359682	Work smart. The legendary quality and reliability of HP is built into the HP LaserJet Q6511 (11X) print cartridge, delivering professional print quality and excellent value to your business. You can count on great results every time because HP cartridges and HP printers are designed together. HP's microfine toner formula and all-in-one cartridge components are precisely matched to provide consistently sharp text and smooth grayscale transitions throughout the life of the cartridge. Innovative HP Smart Printing technology in HP supplies and the printer saves you time and lowers overall printing costs. The system estimates how many pages can be printed with the supplies remaining to ensure your print job is successfully completed. You receive automatic alerts when a cartridge is low or out.
D4361026	The Targus Combination AC and Auto/Air notebook power adapter allows mobile users to power and charge their high performance (Pentium 4+) notebook from any power source. In the home or in the office, this adapter will keep you switched on and productive. Utilizing an intelligent tip system, this power adapter is compatible with all major notebook brands and will provide up to 90W continuous power for power-hungry notebooks.
D4364500	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4365573	Lots to do, not much space? That's where Cherry 19-inch compact keyboard comes into its own - particularly where there's no room for a mouse. A high-quality integrated touchpad takes on all the mouse functions.
D4367870	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4367871	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4368457	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:Removable motherboard tray;Dual 12 cm fans in front & rear;Fits Tt liquid cooling system (performance radiator with 12 cm fan) or any other specific brands;See through side panel with EMI shield;Security lock in front bezel and side panel;Retractable foot stand;Ultra light;Aluminum case.
D4382637	The AXIS 1650 Print Server enables users to easily and cost-effectively share Canon printers on a network. Developed in cooperation with Canon, the AXIS 1650 is an ideal all-in-one networking solution for Canon's printers and multifunctional products.Providing proven and seamless integration, the AXIS 1650 can network Canon CAPT, Canon Advanced Raster Printing System and BubbleJet printers. The high performance, dual-port print server enables plug and print connectivity to Canon's USB or parallel port printers.For Canon's host-based CAPT printers, the AXIS 1650 also provides the user with extensive status reporting on, for example, toner consumption levels. The print server offers comprehensive administration possibilities.
D4383517	Samsung is well aware of the fact that a company's future lies in the hands of the customer, thus customer satisfaction is considered in all matters. Samsung's business philosophy stresses providing the products that customers need, judging them from the customers' point of view, and satisfying customers with advanced technology and services. Under the corporate motto "creating new lifestyles for the world", Samsung strives to create a brighter future for people.
D4383518	Samsung is well aware of the fact that a company's future lies in the hands of the customer, thus customer satisfaction is considered in all matters. Samsung's business philosophy stresses providing the products that customers need, judging them from the customers' point of view, and satisfying customers with advanced technology and services. Under the corporate motto "creating new lifestyles for the world", Samsung strives to create a brighter future for people.
D4384386	NETGEAR's 108 Mbps Wireless USB 2.0 adapter enables 108 Mbps wireless Internet access to either your desktop or notebook PC - 10x the speed of 802.11b products. New Extended Range (XR) technology delivers up to 3x the range of 802.11g wireless so you can move to extended distances without losing your connection. Setup is now made quick and easy with a new Smart Wizard install assistant. High-level WPA-PSK encryption shields your network from wireless eavesdroppers without sacrificing performance.NETGEAR's 108 Mbps Wireless USB 2.0 adapter features a USB 2.0 interface that is up to 40 times faster than USB 1.1 allowing you to realize full 108 Mbps speed. Experience speeds up to 2x that of 802.11g, with range up to 3x due to new Extended Range (XR) technology.Use at home, the office, the airport, or in a public hotspot. Small, thumb-sized form factor makes carrying easy.The WG111T simply plugs into the external USB port of your PC, eliminating the need to open up your desktop PC. Gain full mobility with your notebook, or place your desktop anywhere in your home, without the need to use unsightly Ethernet cables. 802.11g standard compliance ensures interoperability with existing 802.11b and 802.11g networks. Setup is now made quick and easy with a new Smart Wizard install assistant.NETGEAR's 108 Mbps Wireless USB 2.0 adapter has compact, pocket-sized design and can easily be carried anywhere.
D4403039	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4404128	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.
D4404226	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman Tech strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:Does not generate noise or vibration in Silent Mode;Pure Copper and Pure Aluminum base material ensures excellent heat dissipation;Intel Pentium 4 (Socket 775), Intel Pentium 4 (Socket 478), and AMD64 (Socket 754/939/940) compatible design for broad compatibility;The large 120mm fan inside the FHS maximizes cooling performance by providing sufficient airflow even at slow rotation speeds;The large 120mm fan provides airflow over a large area, cooling not only the CPU, but the VGA card, Northbridge, FET, and RAM;The adjustable fan speed controller (FAN MATE 2) enables control of noise and fan performance.
D4404227	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman Tech strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:Does not generate noise or vibration in Silent Mode;Pure Copper and Pure Aluminum base material ensures excellent heat dissipation;Intel Pentium 4 (Socket 775), Intel Pentium 4 (Socket 478), and AMD64 (Socket 754/939/940) compatible design for broad compatibility;The large 120mm fan inside the FHS maximizes cooling performance by providing sufficient airflow even at slow rotation speeds;The large 120mm fan provides airflow over a large area, cooling not only the CPU, but the VGA card, Northbridge, FET, and RAM;The adjustable fan speed controller (FAN MATE 2) enables control of noise and fan performance.
D4405007	Toshiba introduces a 60GB 1.8-inch embedded HDD, the MK6006GAH. Enabling some of today's most exciting, small form factor mobile devices, the new mini-drives offer manufacturers significant storage for consumer, commercial and PC applications - such as music players, handheld PCs, PDAs, wearable computers and laptops. Toshiba is committed to grow with developers and users to provide smart computing solutions, backed by Toshiba-renowned quality and technology leadership.
D4406960	Wireless File Transmitter WFT-E1 allows photographers to transmit images from their cameras directly to a computer over a local area network (LAN).
D4408860	NETGEAR's 4-port Router lets you securely extend your broadband Internet connection to all of your computers. Each person on your network can instantly enjoy high-speed web access, file sharing, video streaming, head-to-head Internet gaming and MP3 downloads. This highly capable 4-port Internet router provides True Firewall protection: Stateful Packet Inspection (SPI) eliminates potential threats to your network by scanning incoming files and requests for information, and Network Address Translation (NAT) conceals your networked devices from hackers. State-of-the-art filtering and controls allow parents to limit URL access and monitor Internet activities. Setup couldn't be easier - Smart Wizard automatically detects your Internet connection type, then the animated Smart Wizard Install Assistant and onscreen help guide you through each step. The sleekly designed RP614 Router is compatible with all Ethernet cable and DSL modems and virtually all Internet service providers.With the RP614 router you can enjoy ultra-fast Web-surfing from the get-go! Share your broadband Internet connection, files, and printers with up to 253 computers. Connecting is easy whether you have Windows, Macintosh, or even Linux computers. Instantly distribute MP3s, digital movies, and photos. Port Forwarding controls make it simple to communicate using multimedia applications (such as NetMeeting), host Web services, and participate in Internet games.Lets you set allowable time-of-day usage for your children and establish content filtering according to web address or web address keyword. You can also choose to receive e-mailed reports of browsing activities and optional real-time e-mail alerts. A NAT/SPI firewall shields your network and networked devices against Internet attacks while VPN (Virtual Private Network) pass-through grants you secure access. Auto-partitioning on each port protects each computer from damaged network connections.Ultra-fast 10/100 Mbps LAN and WAN ports automatically detect connection speed to optimize network performance (up to 200 Mbps with full-duplex) at a distance of 100m (328 ft). With double the memory and a substantially faster CPU (166 MHz) than many popular routers, this router is well equipped to distribute large files and media-rich content in the blink of an eye.Even without networking experience, this gateway is easy for anyone to set up and use. Smart Wizard automatically detects your Internet connection type and Install Assistant, NETGEAR's animated interactive tutorial, takes you smoothly through installation with simple prompts. LEDs make it easy to observe network activity.
D4410599	Marketing description is not available.
D4413861	You need a pointing device? But you don't have enough room for a separate mouse? In that case the ultraflat compact keyboard with integrated trackball will solve your problem. It's perfect for 19-inch applications, Slimline PCs and notebooks. It also has additional input options for pen-based computers.
D4413881	You need a pointing device? But you don't have enough room for a separate mouse? In that case the ultraflat compact keyboard with integrated trackball will solve your problem. It's perfect for 19-inch applications, Slimline PCs and notebooks. It also has additional input options for pen-based computers.
D4414078	The ultimate in reliability and recording performance is yours with Verbatim CD-R media. These advanced discs enable you to take full advantage of today's CD-R burners. With Verbatim CD-R media, you'll enjoy error-free performance even at the highest read/write speeds. Verbatim CD-R discs also feature an advanced surface coating that protects from scratches that can damage the recording layer.
D4422173	Marketing description is not available.
D4425125	ASUS - Innovative Solutions for a Limitless Tomorrow. ASUS is devoted to providing leading-edge technologies, and best-value solutions of the highest quality to all its customers. ASUS provides innovative technology solutions to consumer, corporate and top-tier OEM customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Stylish Bezel;5.25" external bay tray in-out structure;3.5" external bay and front I/O covered;Snap on/off solution for quick installation;Multi-color power LED as HDD runs;Flexible Front I/O Option;Back window with COM2 and key lock support;Optional front I/O for USB and IEEE1394;Good Thermal Solution;Support up to Prescott 3.6G;Optional 2nd fan for upgraded ventilation;Excellent cooling system with room for expansion;2 new side-venting areas dedicated for CPU and AGP in support of enhanced heat dissipation;Solid Mechanical Construction;Full EMI features prevent radiation emission;Friendly design for fast assembly/maintenance;C-curve design enhances mechanical strength and eliminates sharp edges;Folded edge for safe device installation;Space saving.
D4426466	Marketing description is not available.
D4428342	For a truly simple way to bring the Internet to any room in your home, look no further than NETGEAR's Wall-Plugged Ethernet Bridge. It plugs into an electrical outlet and uses your existing electrical wiring to give your entire household access to your Cable/DSL connection. With no expensive new wiring or cabling to install, your family can surf the Web, participate in online gaming, send and receive e-mail, and share files and printers, all from different rooms at the same time. Uncomplicated and very quick to install, it plugs right into a wall outlet, reducing clutter and saving valuable desk space. Designed for ease of use, it has new, easy-to-read icon LEDs, and protects your network communications from eavesdroppers and hackers, while not increasing your electricity bill.
D4429478	Marketing description is not available.
D4429479	Marketing description is not available.
D4429480	Marketing description is not available.
D4429481	Marketing description is not available.
D4431430	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D4434499	Verbatim DVD+R discs are for use in drives and recorders that support the DVD+R format. Ideal for sharing computer data, home videos, photos, and music, as well as duplication and distribution of all kinds of DVD content.
D4434500	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.
D4456447	APC Smart-UPS SC is the perfect protection for the IT resources of your growing business. Manageable and cost effective, APC Smart-UPS SC is designed for use by small and medium companies looking to protect entry level servers and networking equipment, providing both power and data-line protection. Included PowerChute Business Edition management software allows you to configure safe system shutdowns and take advantage of advanced UPS management features like automated risk assessments and runtime capacity calculations. Communications are through your server's standard serial port. When you are ready to take your business to the next level you can use the same software environment found on Smart-UPS SC to seamlessly manage other Smart-UPS models, allowing you to grow your IT infrastructure without having to replace your software or retrain your administrators. Built on the same standards as the award winning Smart-UPS UPS, the Smart-UPS SC is the UPS to start your business with.
D4456448	APC Smart-UPS protects your data by supplying reliable, network-grade power in either traditional Tower or Rack-optimized form factors for space constrained business critical applications. Award winning APC Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for protecting business critical fileservers (Intel or UNIX based), minicomputers, network switches and hubs, Point of Sale, retail/bank back office and ATM's.
D4458303	Adding an optical drive slot to a perfectly balanced LC07 was no easy task, conventional wisdom would place the slot directly on top to create a case with added height. However, this would completely change the delightfully slim profile that makes Nano-ITX cases unique. With the LC08, Silverstone Technology managed to convert an ordinary optical drive position into an indispensable part of an eye-catching enclosure, whether it lays flat or sit up vertically (with optional stand).
D4458304	With the excellent LC05 paving the way for Mini-ITX case styling, Silverstone felt it was necessary to extend its appeal by offering the LC09 as a complement. By having a slim optical drive slot instead of a regular 5.25" drive bay, the LC09 gained the ability to accommodate a PCI slot and quite a few upgrade possibilities.
D4460823	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.
D4461562	AOpen continues as the company of choice for PC components and peripherals in the distribution channel. AOpen is an established market leader, from motherboards to monitors, to multimedia add-on cards, and more. With AOpen products you are guaranteed the latest in technology development at competitive prices. And because AOpen controls design and manufacturing, from the drawing board to the finished product, the quality of that product is ensured.PRODUCT FEATURES:250W or 300W peak proprietary;Housing material: SECC;MicroATX mini-tower;Support front USB Audio, 1394 (optional);Support Intel P4 3.06G CPU or above;Support MicroATX (P4) 9.6"(244mm) x 9.6" (244mm) motherboard;Good thermal and EMI solution;High expansion capacity-4 slots and 5 drive bays;Patented rotary frame for easy assembly;Front USB, Audio, 1394 support (option);Light and easy to assemble;Bend-in edges ensure safe assembly and installation;Changeable for Tower and Desktop;Colorful panel for customer choice;Complies with FCC Class B, DoC, and CE;Side open for easy access;Sliding-in/out side covers that make assembly easier;Smart slide-in back bracket with no screws needed.
D4467320	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.
D4467321	Verbatim's DVD-R media are compatible with DVD-R drives and are read compatible with most DVD-ROM drives and DVD-Video players. Use Verbatim DVD-R media for a data archiving, PC backup, audio/video recording, and more.
D4467322	Verbatim's DVD-R media are compatible with DVD-R drives and are read compatible with most DVD-ROM drives and DVD-Video players. Use Verbatim DVD-R media for a data archiving, PC backup, audio/video recording, and more.
D4467323	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.
D4467324	Photo Printable DVD's offer a fully printable surface allowing users to print their own design onto the actual disc surface using a compatible Inkjet printer.
D4467329	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.
D4467330	The world of data storage never stands still for long and it will come as little surprise to hear that, once again, Verbatim is leading the way in the world of DVD+RW disc technology.
D4475013	The TU-S9 USB to Serial converter allows you to connect a RS-232 serial device such as a modem to a USB port on your Desktop or Laptop PC.
D4482935	TRENDnet's TEW-430APB Wireless Access Point is today's link to Wireless Technology. Compliant with the IEEE Wireless Networking Standard 802.11g, it provides Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum (DSSS) operation for transparent bridging and roaming capabilities for wireless nodes. The TEW-430APB also provides WDS bridging functions, allowing users to connect two or more Access Points together, wirelessly. With TRENDnet's Wireless Access Point and Wireless Network Adapters, users can connect to Ethernet/Fast Ethernet LAN at home or office to access network resources such as hard drives, CD-ROM/DVD drives, network printers, and Internet connection - with coverage up to 300 meters.
D4491880	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D4508120	APC Smart-UPS protects your data by supplying reliable, network-grade power in either traditional Tower or Rack-optimized form factors for space constrained business critical applications. Award winning APC Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for protecting business critical fileservers (Intel or UNIX based), minicomputers, network switches and hubs, Point of Sale, retail/bank back office and ATM's. Rack Mount versions are the choice for rack optimized servers, server appliances, blade servers, other blade devices and rack-mounted network switches and hubs.With included PowerChute management software for servers and workstations, IT administrators can provide safe system shutdown and advanced UPS management (All major operating systems supported). Connectivity is through serial or USB port (USB not standard on all models). Additional manageability is available through the SmartSlot, an internal accessory slot that allows you to install optional accessories to enhance the performance of your UPS. Network connection with Web browser management and/or environmental monitoring, serial port expansion, and out-of-band management options are available. With pure sine-wave output ensuring compatibility with all connected devices, Intelligent Battery Management ensuring a highly available UPS and an advanced 16 segment bar graph display ensuring information and management, the Smart-UPS is a UPS you can count on.
D4509121	A4 Tech is a global leader in manufacturing personal computer products. A4 Tech maintains an exceptionally strong commitment to develop, for it's within the discipline of development that yesterday's fiction becomes tomorrow's reality.PRODUCT FEATURES:New Cable Reel Design for roll up and easy portable;Precision optical sensor.
D4515818	It is difficult to imagine a case designed for workstation and mini-server can also be aesthetically pleasing at the same time. However Silverstone's engineer responsible for introducing the home theater look into the mainstream PC market had other ideas. By combining a powerful extended ATX chassis with a sensuous all aluminum front door assembly, a majestic tower case was born that is called, TJ05.
D4515819	It is difficult to imagine a case designed for workstation and mini-server can also be aesthetically pleasing at the same time. However Silverstone's engineer responsible for introducing the home theater look into the mainstream PC market had other ideas. By combining a powerful extended ATX chassis with a sensuous all aluminum front door assembly, a majestic tower case was born that is called, TJ05.
D4515823	In an effort to combine unprecedented level of compatibility and small size, Silverstone has created a case that few thought was possible. Measuring only 100mm tall (or less than 4 inches), the LC02 still has the ability to accept a full size ATX motherboard and a standard-sized 3.5" internal drive. When compromise on space isn't an option, there is no better choice than the beautifully-crafted LC02.
D4515828	Built to perform, the LC10 has cooling configuration rarely seen in HTPC cases. A standard three-fan configuration provides ample airflow to easily handle the heat from a Pentium 4 Prescott 3.2GHz processor. But having great thermal performance did not compromise the poise of LC10 as Silverstone's engineers created a front panel that is both elegant and devoid of any unsightly holes. This philosophy of no compromises again results in a HTPC case of unparalleled combination of style and function.
D4523727	Logitech's Cordless 2.4 GHz Presenter lets you effectively manage your time during presentations with a built-in and programmable LCD timer. The automatic 5- and 2-minute vibration warnings will let you focus on your presentation, not on the clock. With 15 meters (50 feet) of cordless range, you can move around an auditorium with confidence. No software is required, just plug it in and it works. You'll enjoy extra features like "launch slideshow", "black screen", and volume control, plus an integrated laser pointer. The cordless mini-receiver stores inside device.
D4523729	Looking for a single headset for both listening to music and communicating via your PC? The Logitech Premium Stereo Headset gives you the flexibility to do it all... with comfort and quality. The stereo headphones and noise-canceling microphone deliver improved audio clarity. For superior comfort during long hours at the computer, you'll love the headband with soft rubber surfaces and ear pads fitted with soft foam. It also features a convenient inline volume and mute control, and its microphone can be worn on either the right or left side - it's your choice.
D4527817	DIGITUS is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range. DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals.
D4528945	HPU-4S425 is our fourth generation PSU. It features: dual fan, 450mm cables, PFC, gold plated pins, Operating manual in Ten languages (English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Russian, Portuguese, Polish, Farsi, and Arabic), and Built-In SATA connectors.PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports Intel ATX 2.2 standard (BTX compatible).Complies with AMD 64 bits processors;I/O short circuit and overload protection design;PFC, Power Factor Correction.
D4537064	With 300g is the Copper Lite still within the AMD specifications and therefore one of the lightest low noise coolers. This lowers the risk to damage the DIE significantly.A 10mm high Cu Core transfers the heat from the CPU to the Aluminium heatsink most efficient. A 78 x 80 mm heatsink with 30 fins offers highest surface area.The patented "reversed- hanging" fan is able to practically eliminate the typical buzzing sound of 80mm fans.The Fan has been mounted o­nto 4 Rubber supports to stop vibrations being transmitted to the heat sink.The Copper Lite offers the best Performance / Noise ratio of its weight class.An especially developed clip offers a more accurate point of pressure, is very easy to fasten by a screw and can't fall off during transport due to its construction.
D4545771	Functional and smart in design, this case fits notebooks up to 15.4 inches. Featuring a lightweight design, this case offers a spacious front compartment for all your daily accessories: PDA/phone pocket, business card holder, pen loops, mesh pockets, memory card pockets, and many more! Integrated in the main padded notebook compartment is a file compartment and a removable accessories pouch for your power source, mouse, etc. Soft lines and an elegant combination of koskin and nylon materials, make this case the perfect solution for those seeking elegance at an affordable price.
D4545776	The Targus USB 2.0 Mobile Docking Station with Video provides instant peripheral device attachment via a single USB 2.0/1.1 connection to Windows 2000 & XP based notebook computers. The Mobile Docking Station will allow your notebook computer to have plug and play connections with multiple input/output USB and peripheral devices.
D4552728	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D4558359	APC Smart-UPS protects your data by supplying reliable, network-grade power in either traditional Tower or Rack-optimized form factors for space constrained business critical applications. Award winning APC Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for protecting business critical fileservers, minicomputers, network switches and hubs, Point of Sale, retail/bank back office and ATMs.With included PowerChute management software for servers and workstations, IT administrators can provide safe system shutdown and advanced UPS management. Additional manageability is available through the SmartSlot, an internal accessory slot that allows you to install optional accessories to enhance the performance of your UPS. Network connection with Web browser management and/or environmental monitoring, serial port expansion, and out-of-band management options are available. With pure sine-wave output ensuring compatibility with all connected devices, Intelligent Battery Management ensuring a highly available UPS and an advanced 16 segment bar graph display ensuring information and management, the Smart-UPS is a UPS you can count on.
D4561629	NETGEAR's ProSafe 802.11g Wireless Access Point WG102 delivers the secure, reliable, high performance wireless local area networks (WLANs) today's mobile workforce demands.This powerful device provides the industry standard access to corporate network resources, email and the Internet. Fully compatible with IEEE 802.11g, (2.4 GHz), it can also be set for dynamic 108 Mbps 802.11g. With its robust security measures, simplified management and configuration, SNMP support, integrated IEEE 802.3af power over Ethernet (PoE), and Wi-Fi certification, the WG102 brings standards-based enterprise-level functionality at a mid-market price.Complies with industry security standards for wireless data encryption, and user authorization. 802.11i ready, WPA provides enhanced, interoperable wireless networking security. WPA and 802.1x support enables strong mutual authentication to ensure that only legitimate clients associate with corporate RADIUS servers. Supports MAC address authentication with 256-user Access Control List (ACL) and VPN pass-through.Integrated IEEE 802.3af-based Power over Ethernet (PoE) support eliminates extra cables and the need to locate near a power outlet, as the access point is powered over the Ethernet cable. Supports Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) MIB I, MIB II, and 802.11 MIB using SNMP-based network management software, such as NETGEAR ProSafe Network Management System NMS100. Supports all popular 802.1x port-based authentication protocols, including Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP) Transport Layer Security (TLS), Protected EAP (PEAP), and Tunneled TLS (TTLS).IEEE 802.11g wireless standard - with optional speeds up to 108 Mbps - takes care of business communications with great dispatch and skill. Delivers functionality for point-to-point and point-to-multi-point bridging and repeater modes. High performance wireless features combine with a typical -75 dBm receive sensitivity (Rx) at 54 Mbps, 19 dBm transmit power (Tx) and a high gain 5 dBi omni-directional antenna for optimal range and throughput.
D4562611	DVD-RAM is a rewritable media that uses phase change technology for recording. DVD-RAM is designed for data intensive, high performance applications. Data stored on DVD-RAM can be accessed in the same manner as a hard drive, with drag and drop capabilities, and can be overwritten 100, 000 times.
D4566148	The Belkin CAT5 extender allows users to control a computer or KVM switch from up to 150 meters away. Perfect for isolated server rooms, large server farms, secure systems or test benches where the computer may be inaccessible to the user.
D4571428	TRENDnet's TEG-S41SX Copper Gigabit Switch delivers small office networks a quick boost of copper gigabit speed and Mini-GBIC flexibility to meet immediate bandwidth demand. The switch includes four 10/100/1000Mbps Copper Gigabit Ethernet ports and one Mini-GBIC module slot for fiber connectivity to Server(s) or high-end workstations. TRENDnet's known reliability and affordability make this a great entry-level switch for growing networks.
D4571605	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4571608	This attachable supplementary flash can be used to capture photographic subjects that are too distant for the built-in flash to illuminate. The range of the flash is approximately twice the range of the camera's built-in flash. This figure will vary according to such factors as the camera lens brightness (f/number), the zoom setting and the ISO speed setting.
D4574184	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:High Efficient ventilation: Dual 12cm silent fan in front & rear, 9cm fan on side panel;Tool-Free when installing 5.25" & 3.5" device;Transparent X type side panel window;Dual USB 2.0, IEEE 1394 Firewire, Audio & Speaker ports;Retractable foot stand;Highly flexible "Silent Purepower supply" unit supports PS/II for PC case (optional).
D4574185	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:High Efficient ventilation: Dual 12cm silent fan in front & rear, 9cm fan on side panel;Tool-Free when installing 5.25" & 3.5" device;Transparent X type side panel window;Dual USB 2.0, IEEE 1394 Firewire, Audio & Speaker ports;Retractable foot stand;Highly flexible "Silent Purepower supply" unit supports PS/II for PC case (optional).
D4576257	AOpen continues as the company of choice for PC components and peripherals in the distribution channel. AOpen is an established market leader, from motherboards to monitors, to multimedia add-on cards, and more. With AOpen products you are guaranteed the latest in technology development at competitive prices. And because AOpen controls design and manufacturing, from the drawing board to the finished product, the quality of that product is ensured.PRODUCT FEATURES:microATX / flexATX Slim Housing;Expansion capacity with 4 low-profile slots and 3 drive bays;Bend-in edges ensure safe assembly and installation;Smart slide-in back brackets with screwless;Equipped with 200W (support P4 CPU) high efficiency switching power supply;Complies with FCC Class B, DoC, and CE;Optional all-in-one carton has K/B, mouse, S/W and accessories;Good thermal and EMI solution.
D4589685	The latest innovation from USB leader Belkin lets you connect up to seven devices quickly and easily. Belkin Hi-Speed USB 2.0 7-Port Hub features two, top-loading downstream USB ports. Now you can enjoy fast access for temporary device connections such as USB thumb drives, media readers, and for USB lights, fans, and other accessories. Monitoring your device activity is simpler than ever with LEDs for master power status and all port activity. The stackable, slim-line design saves valuable desk space, and the Hub works seamlessly with all your USB 1.1 and USB 2.0 devices.
D4598629	The ultimate in reliability and recording performance is yours with Verbatim CD-R media. Available in various capacities, these advanced disks enable you to take full advantage of today's CD-R burners. With Verbatim CD-R disks, you'll enjoy error-free performance even at the highest read/write speeds. Verbatim CD-R disks feature an advanced surface coating that protects from scratches that can damage the recording layer.
D4603175	The Targus 75W AC mains notebook power adapter offers a versatile replacement, or secondary power supply for your notebook at home or in the office, ensuring you remain switched on and productive. The inclusion of a number of power tips provides compatibility with many of today's major 15-16 Volt notebook brands requiring up to 75W. Reliable, safe and easy to use the, this unit will not let you down. Whether it's a replacement or additional power supply you require, let Targus make your mobile life easier.
D4603179	Targus' goal is to enhance your lifestyle by offering innovative and quality products, as well as continuing to listen and respond to its customers.
D4604346	Discover the wireless optical desktop with value built in! Microsoft Wireless Optical Desktop 1000 offers a complete desktop solution - wireless keyboard, mouse, and receiver. You get the features that make life easier, like wireless freedom, precision optical performance, and one-touch Hot Keys. All that, plus the reliability you expect from Microsoft, makes Wireless Optical Desktop 1000 one very good deal.
D4608566	Cremax has always kept its marketing concepts updated to acknowledge the best solutions for its customers. Thinking from the user's point of view, Cremax contrives products that its customers can really feel comfortable using. Cremax has outperformed its own expectations to become a well-known source that customers have reserved to use for their storage solutions.PRODUCT FEATURES:Aluminum alloy construction;High speed ATA 133 available;Supports all standard 3.5" IDE hard drives;Replaceable front fan for easy maintenance;Clear LED indicators.
D4617424	To see is to believe. A design so powerful, it will redefine the way you view a computer chassis. Packed with all the exceptional features and breakthrough design, Kandalf, the extraordinary chassis, is beyond imagination.
D4618747	Issue voice commands, record your thoughts, have live chats with audio and video... it's all possible with the Logitech Desktop Microphone for the PC. This high performance microphone uses noise-canceling technology for communications that are clear and powerful. And its stylish black design will look great on your desk.
D4621853	The Serial-ATA Backplanes as well as the removable bays, are all exclusively designed and made of Aluminum so that they are especially suited to keeping the HDDs cool. The Backplane is Plug & Play compatible, it supports hot swap and the Raid-Level's 0, 1 and 5. With an 80mm fan, even the fastest hard disks are kept cool. The operating status of each hard drive as well as the power and the activity of the fans, are shown at the front of the Backplane by LEDs. In addition there is a reset button, which is also used to stop the alarm for the fans. The hard disks are screwed into the slots, which can then be easily removed by twisting the lock and a spring mechanism in the back will push them out.
D4627835	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4627841	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4627893	As a 21st-century consumer, your notebook computer is an integral part of your life. But does your home computing environment work for you? Even if you already have a wireless network, you've probably found "dead spots" in your home where your Internet connection fades in and out, or drops off completely.Now, say good-bye to those dead spots ... and say hello to the freedom to work (and play) absolutely anywhere in your home!With the RangeMax Wireless Router and PC Card, your whole house becomes a "hot spot." NETGEAR's exclusive RangeMax technology gives you the longest range of any wireless network on the market today - up to 10 times the wireless coverage of 802.11g. So you'll have a sizzling-fast, consistent connection in every room of your house ... and beyond.Put the NETGEAR RangeMax Wireless PC Card to work for you, and that's all you need - leave those range extenders, repeaters, and external antennas at the store. The RangeMax Wireless PC Card is optimized for use with the RangeMax Wireless Router, which adjusts to the interference and physical barriers in your home, and delivers up to 500,000 square feet of coverage - 1000% more than 802.11g. And the RangeMax Wireless PC Card is 100% compatible with your existing 802.11b/g products - so you are free to connect at home, work, or public hotspots.
D4627894	As a 21st-century consumer, computers are an integral part of your life. But does your home computing environment work for you? Even if you already have a wireless network, you've probably found "dead spots" in your home where your Internet connection fades in and out, or drops off completely.Now, say good-bye to those dead spots ... and say hello to the freedom to work (and play) absolutely anywhere in your home!With the RangeMax Wireless Router, your whole house becomes a "hot spot." NETGEAR's exclusive RangeMax technology gives you the longest range of any wireless device on the market today - up to 10 times the wireless coverage of 802.11g. So you'll have a sizzling-fast, consistent connection in every room of your house ... and beyond.Put the NETGEAR RangeMax Wireless Router to work for you, and that's all you need - leave those range extenders, repeaters, and external antennas at the store. RangeMax adjusts to the interference and physical barriers in your home, and delivers up to 500, 000 square feet of coverage - 1000% more than 802.11g. And you don't need to throw away your old wireless devices; RangeMax is 100% compatible with your existing 802.11b/g products and will boost their range and speed by up to 50%.RangeMax is an advanced Smart MIMO (Multi-In, Multi-Out) technology that uses seven internal antennas. RangeMax constantly surveys your home environment for physical barriers and interference and adjusts the wireless signal to compensate for these performance blockers. For example, if you carry your laptop from the family room to the bedroom, RangeMax automatically senses the change and selects from over 100 possible antenna configurations to deliver you the fastest, clearest connection! Everyone will enjoy consistently high-speed connections, everywhere in your house - no drop-outs, and no dead spots.Think you can't set up your wireless router without an engineering degree? Think again. NETGEAR's SmartWizard makes the set-up easy and hassle-free. SmartWizard automatically detects your ISP's network settings, then walks you through each step of the installation process. It's like having your own computer technician, right by your side.NETGEAR also ensures that every computer user in your home network can work and play safely - with a double firewall, WEP (Wired Equivalent Privacy), and WPA-PSK (Wi-Fi Protected Access, Pre-Shared Key) Security, your network will have powerful safeguards against unauthorized usage.
D4627896	As a 21st-century consumer, computers are an integral part of your life. But does your home computing environment work for you? Even if you already have a wireless network, you've probably found "dead spots" in your home where your Internet connection fades in and out, or drops off completely.Now, say good-bye to those dead spots ... and say hello to the freedom to work (and play) absolutely anywhere in your home!With the RangeMax Wireless Router, your whole house becomes a "hot spot." NETGEAR's exclusive RangeMax technology gives you the longest range of any wireless device on the market today - up to 10 times the wireless coverage of 802.11g. So you'll have a sizzling-fast, consistent connection in every room of your house ... and beyond.Put the NETGEAR RangeMax Wireless Router to work for you, and that's all you need - leave those range extenders, repeaters, and external antennas at the store. RangeMax adjusts to the interference and physical barriers in your home, and delivers up to 500, 000 square feet of coverage - 1000% more than 802.11g. And you don't need to throw away your old wireless devices; RangeMax is 100% compatible with your existing 802.11b/g products and will boost their range and speed by up to 50%.RangeMax is an advanced Smart MIMO (Multi-In, Multi-Out) technology that uses seven internal antennas. RangeMax constantly surveys your home environment for physical barriers and interference and adjusts the wireless signal to compensate for these performance blockers. For example, if you carry your laptop from the family room to the bedroom, RangeMax automatically senses the change and selects from over 100 possible antenna configurations to deliver you the fastest, clearest connection! Everyone will enjoy consistently high-speed connections, everywhere in your house - no drop-outs, and no dead spots.Think you can't set up your wireless router without an engineering degree? Think again. NETGEAR's SmartWizard makes the set-up easy and hassle-free. SmartWizard automatically detects your ISP's network settings, then walks you through each step of the installation process. It's like having your own computer technician, right by your side.NETGEAR also ensures that every computer user in your home network can work and play safely - with a double firewall, WEP (Wired Equivalent Privacy), and WPA-PSK (Wi-Fi Protected Access, Pre-Shared Key) Security, your network will have powerful safeguards against unauthorized usage.
D4627899	As a 21st-century consumer, your notebook computer is an integral part of your life. But does your home computing environment work for you? Even if you already have a wireless network, you've probably found "dead spots" in your home where your Internet connection fades in and out, or drops off completely.Now, say good-bye to those dead spots... and say hello to the freedom to work (and play) absolutely anywhere in your home!With the RangeMax Wireless Router and PCI Adapter, your whole house becomes a "hot spot." NETGEAR's exclusive RangeMax technology gives you the longest range of any wireless network on the market today - up to 10 times the wireless coverage of 802.11g. So you'll have a sizzling-fast, consistent connection in every room of your house... and beyond.Put the NETGEAR RangeMax Wireless PCI Adapter to work for you, and that's all you need - leave those range extenders, repeaters, and external antennas at the store. The RangeMax Wireless PCI Adapter is optimized for use with the RangeMax Wireless Router, which adjusts to the interference and physical barriers in your home, and delivers up to 500,000 square feet of coverage - 1000% more than 802.11g. And the RangeMax Wireless PCI Adapter is 100% compatible with your existing 802.11b/g products.
D4632625	The ultimate in reliability and recording performance is yours with Verbatim CD-R media. These advanced discs enable you to take full advantage of today's CD-R burners. With Verbatim CD-R discs, you'll enjoy error-free performance even at the highest read/write speeds.
D4632626	There are 2 new additions to the Verbatim DVD range in January - the Mini 8cm DVD-R and Mini 8cm DVD-RW. At just 8cm in diameter, these discs can store up to 30 minutes of data and are fully compliant with the DVD Forum backed -R/-RW formats.Small enough to be used directly in 8cm DVD camcorders, you can record your footage straight to the discs and be reassured that your memories will stay safe from harm with the 'HardCoat ScratchGuard' surface layer provided.This special protective surface layer provides superb protection against accidental surface damage and in tests, the 'HardCoat ScratchGuard' layer proves to be nearly 50 times more protected from general wear and tear than discs without the coating!
D4632627	The advances that Verbatim is making, is nowhere clearer than in the world of recordable DVD media with the introduction of 16x DVD+R discs. Now 4.7GB of data or 120 minutes of video can be recorded in just 5 minutes.Once again, by using Verbatim's Advanced AZO technology, the 16x discs will ensure any recording to be of a superior quality and the broad compatibility of Verbatim's discs make them ideal for sharing computer data, home videos, photos and music.
D4634635	Samsung exemplifies technological determination and progressive ideals. From technology to business to the philanthropy, Samsung has become a world leader for which the possibilities are truly endless.
D4634683	The Targus Wireless 2.4 GHz Presenter is a multi-tasking wireless device, which offers mouse capability and presentation controls with a built-in laser pointer - the perfect tool for a great presentation. For greater freedom the presenter also offers 15 meters range to control your presentations allowing you to move around the room with confidence. The ideal tool for that perfect presentation in a small compact form factor.
D4637475	Microsoft is committed long term to the mission of helping its customers realize their full potential. Just as it constantly updates and improves its products, Microsoft wants to continually evolve to be in the best position to accelerate new technologies as they emerge and to better serve its customers.
D4642814	CyMotion Line is the new keyboard generation. A design for everyone who appreciates professionalism. CyMotion is aimed for those who expect comfort and individuality.
D4643821	Experience the convenience of optical technology at a great value. Replace that old-fashioned "roller ball" with a mouse that works on virtually any surface. It's easy to use, comfortable, and features a scroll wheel.
D4647071	The SAMSUNG ML-1610D2 print cartridge is specially designed to assure optimal print quality with sharp, dark output from first print to last. The easy-to-install cartridge and advanced toner save function key with the printer for cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D4648527	To store and play back a limitless amount of digital media content on the web, you need a drive that provides fast and reliable data transmission. From movies to music, Samsung SpinPoint drive answers all your AV needs with a drive that is so quiet, you won't even know it is there.
D4648924	The Targus Wired Ergo Mouse is a 800-dpi high resolution pre-programmed 5-button design with Internet navigation forward/backward buttons and USB cable for true plug and play - enabling ease of use and comfort.
D4654839	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4654840	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4654841	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4654842	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4654843	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4664650	The 'mechanical specifications' of Verbatim media are very precise, and data written to it can be read in a wide range of drives. As a result, Verbatim DataLifePlus discs demonstrate a high level of compatibility between drives running at a wide range of speeds.PRODUCT FEATURES:Superior resistance to UV irradiation;100 years archival life;Lowest error rate against a range of CD writers;1X - 52X write speed which means a full CD created in around 2 minutes;Metal AZO (DataLifePlus 1x-16x) recording dye;Super AZO (1x-24x/32x/40x/48x/52x) recording dye;Crystal, Fast Dry, Printable, Scratch Resistant surface.
D4664806	It's simple. Reliable HP color LaserJet supplies provide hassle-free color. HP Smart features save your valuable time, making HP supplies great value. Professional results every time. HP color makes your point clear.
D4664807	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4664808	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4664809	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4665961	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4665962	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4665963	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4665967	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4666147	AOpen barebone chassis feature precise mechanical construction and are ready for FCC system approval. These cases reflect AOpen's commitment to quality and offer resellers a way to build systems of superior quality. Combine AOpen cases with industry-leading AOpen motherboards to get the best fit.PRODUCT FEATURES:FlexATX/MicroATX slim form factor;Support MicroATX (P4) 9.6"(244mm) x9.6"(244mm) motherboard;Patented rotary frame for easy assembly;Changeable for Tower & Desktop;Complies with FCC Class B, DoC, and CE;200W or 250W (SFX 12V) all safety power supply;4 slots and 3 drive bays;Drive bays can be configured either 2x5,25" ext. + 1x3,5" int. or 1x5,25" ext. + 2x3,5" ext. + 1x3,5"int.
D4668151	Program according to your every whim - you can with the G80-3700 programmable keyboard. For numerical inputs, controls or wherever frequent number entry is required. Fitted with MX technology with Gold Crosspoint contacts it is distinguished by its utmost reliability.
D4681582	TRENDnet's TEW-P1PG is a direct attached print server that transforms a stand-alone parallel printer into a shared network printer. The TEW-P1PG provides IEEE 802.11g 54Mbps wireless interface for integrating into existing wireless network. The TEW-P1PG is designed for virtually all printers equipped with parallel compliant printer port and it is an ideal network solution to convert conventional parallel printer into a shared resource on the network.
D4681584	TRENDnet TEW-P21G is a wireless print server that transforms a stand-alone USB or parallel printer into a shared network printer. The TEW-P21G is compatible with IEEE 802.11g 54Mbps network and it has two USB 2.0 and one parallel printer port. Network professionals can easily manage the print server using Web Browser and utilize the TEW-P21 to promote productivity in a workgroup environment with low equipment cost.
D4681585	TRENDnet TE100-P21 is a Fast Ethernet print server that transforms a stand-alone USB or Parallel printer into a shared network printer. The TE100-P21 is compatible with 10Mbps or 100Mbps Ethernet network and it has two USB 2.0 and one Parallel printer port. Network professionals can easily manage the print server using Web Browser and utilize the TE100-P21 to promote productivity in a workgroup environment with low equipment cost.
D4681588	TRENDnet's TK-404KR 4-port DVI-KVM encompasses all your multimedia and multi-tasking needs into one cost effective solution. Manage multiple PCs effectively while enjoy audio-rich features with one set of LCD monitor, keyboard, mouse, microphone, and speakers.
D4691150	Toshiba introduces a 40GB 1.8-inch embedded HDD, the MK4006GAH. Enabling some of today's most exciting, small form factor mobile devices, the new mini-drives offer manufacturers significant storage for consumer, commercial and PC applications - such as music players, handheld PCs, PDA's, wearable computers and laptops. Toshiba is committed to grow with developers and users to provide smart computing solutions, backed by Toshiba-renowned quality and technology leadership.
D4699440	The VF700-Cu does not generate noise or vibration in Silent Mode. Pure Copper base material ensures excellent heat dissipation. Fan installed in the heatsink (FHS) cools not only the VGA chipset and VGA RAM, but all other VGA components as well. Silent Mode and Normal Mode selection provided to accommodate the user's environment and preference.The VF700-Cu kit includes: Heatsink Assembly (VF700-Cu); Eight RAM Heatsinks; One Brace Plate; Two Nipple A; Two Nipple B; Four Bolt A(3x5mm); Four Bolt B(4x4mm); Six Rubber Rings; Thermal Grease; One Muti-Connector; User's Manual - in English and Korean.This product is designed for the following videocards:GeForce4 Ti 4200 All VGA Cards;GeForce4 Ti 4400 All VGA Cards;GeForce4 Ti 4600 All VGA Cards;GeForce4 Ti 4800, SE All VGA Cards;GeForce FX 5500 All VGA Cards;GeForce FX 5600 XT Meditech 128MB 64bit, Meditech 128MB 128bit;GeForce FX 5600 Meditech 128MB, InnoVISION 128MB 64bit, InnoVISION 128MB 128bit;GeForce FX 5700, Ultra All VGA Cards;GeForce FX 5800, Ultra All VGA Cards;GeForce FX 5900, SE, XT All VGA Cards;GeForce FX 5900, Ultra All VGA Cards;GeForce FX 5950 Ultra All VGA Cards;GeForce PCX 5900, 5950;GeForce 6200 (PCIe) All VGA Cards;GeForce 6600 (PCIe), GT(PCIe) All VGA Cards;GeForce 6600 GT AGP;GeForce 6800, LE, GT All VGA Cards;GeForce 6800 Ultra, Ultra Extreme All VGA Cards;Radeon 9500, Pro All VGA Cards;Radeon 9550 ABIT Guru 128M, Absolute Ex 128M 128bit, Absolute Ex 128M 128bit ViVo, Absolute Ex 256M 128bit, EVERTOP Saint EX, Rextech Xtreme Plus, VIVA HP 128MB Saemmul Tech, Unitech GT 128MB, PowerColor Platinum 600 Turbo Gaon Digital, Powercolor Platinum 600 128M;Radeon 9600 Meditech 128MB, SPARQ 128MB, SPARQ 128MB (G) Pro;Radeon 9600 Pro Gigabyte 128M, Sapphire 128M, PowerColor 128M (400/600) Gaon Digital;Radeon 9600 SE Rextech Pro 128MB;Radeon 9600 XT Absolute Ex Classic, Absolute Ex Pl ATInum, ASUS TVD 128MB, CONNECT3D 128MB, ELSA 960XT 128MB, MSD R9600XT-128TD REX 128MB, SUMA 128MB (2.8ns), SUMA 128MB (3.3ns), SUMA 128MB (TSOP), Gigabyte 128M, ByTel Sapphire 128MB, ByTel Sapphire 256MB, ByTel Sapphire 256MB ViVo, Bigbeam Sapphire 128M, Unitech 128MB, Powercolor 128MB;Radeon 9700, Pro All VGA Cards;Radeon 9800, SE, Pro, Pro 256MB, XT All VGA Cards;Radeon X300 SE ABIT Guru 128MB;Radeon X300 GeCube 128MB;Radeon X600 XT GeCube 128MB;Radeon X600 Pro ABIT 128MB, GeCube 128MB, ABIT Guru 256MB;Radeon X700 Pro(PCIe) All VGA Cards;Radeon X800 SE, PRO, XT(PCIe), XT PE All VGA Cards;Radeon X850 Series All VGA Cards.
D4699442	The VF700-AlCu does not generate noise or vibration in Silent Mode. Pure Copper and Pure Aluminum base material ensures excellent heat dissipation. Fan installed in the heatsink (FHS) cools not only the VGA chipset and VGA RAM, but all other VGA components as well. Silent Mode and Normal Mode selection provided to accommodate the user's environment and preference.The VF700-AlCu kit includes: Heatsink Assembly (VF700-Cu); Eight RAM Heatsinks; One Brace Plate; Two Nipple A; Two Nipple B; Four Bolt A(3x5mm); Four Bolt B(4x4mm); Six Rubber Rings; Thermal Grease; One Muti-Connector; User's Manual - in English and Korean.This product is designed for the following videocards:GeForce4 Ti 4200 All VGA Cards;GeForce4 Ti 4400 All VGA Cards;GeForce4 Ti 4600 All VGA Cards;GeForce4 Ti 4800, SE All VGA Cards;GeForce FX 5500 All VGA Cards;GeForce FX 5600 XT Meditech 128MB 64bit, Meditech 128MB 128bit;GeForce FX 5600 Meditech 128MB, InnoVISION 128MB 64bit, InnoVISION 128MB 128bit;GeForce FX 5700, Ultra All VGA Cards;GeForce FX 5800, Ultra All VGA Cards;GeForce FX 5900, SE, XT All VGA Cards;GeForce FX 5900, Ultra All VGA Cards;GeForce FX 5950 Ultra All VGA Cards;GeForce PCX 5900, 5950;GeForce 6200 (PCIe) All VGA Cards;GeForce 6600 (PCIe), GT(PCIe) All VGA Cards;GeForce 6600 GT AGP;GeForce 6800, LE, GT All VGA Cards;GeForce 6800 Ultra, Ultra Extreme All VGA Cards;Radeon 9500, Pro All VGA Cards;Radeon 9550 ABIT Guru 128M, Absolute Ex 128M 128bit, Absolute Ex 128M 128bit ViVo, Absolute Ex 256M 128bit, EVERTOP Saint EX, Rextech Xtreme Plus, VIVA HP 128MB Saemmul Tech, Unitech GT 128MB, PowerColor Platinum 600 Turbo Gaon Digital, Powercolor Platinum 600 128M;Radeon 9600 Meditech 128MB, SPARQ 128MB, SPARQ 128MB (G) Pro;Radeon 9600 Pro Gigabyte 128M, Sapphire 128M, PowerColor 128M (400/600) Gaon Digital;Radeon 9600 SE Rextech Pro 128MB;Radeon 9600 XT Absolute Ex Classic, Absolute Ex Pl ATInum, ASUS TVD 128MB, CONNECT3D 128MB, ELSA 960XT 128MB, MSD R9600XT-128TD REX 128MB, SUMA 128MB (2.8ns), SUMA 128MB (3.3ns), SUMA 128MB (TSOP), Gigabyte 128M, ByTel Sapphire 128MB, ByTel Sapphire 256MB, ByTel Sapphire 256MB ViVo, Bigbeam Sapphire 128M, Unitech 128MB, Powercolor 128MB;Radeon 9700, Pro All VGA Cards;Radeon 9800, SE, Pro, Pro 256MB, XT All VGA Cards;Radeon X300 SE ABIT Guru 128MB;Radeon X300 GeCube 128MB;Radeon X600 XT GeCube 128MB;Radeon X600 Pro ABIT 128MB, GeCube 128MB, ABIT Guru 256MB;Radeon X700 Pro(PCIe) All VGA Cards;Radeon X800 SE, PRO, XT(PCIe), XT PE All VGA Cards;Radeon X850 Series All VGA Cards.
D4699900	Get gallery-quality black-and-white photos with the HP 102 Gray Photo Inkjet Print Cartridge with HP Vivera Inks. Engineered to work as part of HP’s nine-ink system in the HP Photosmart 8750 Professional Photo Printer, the cartridge contains three specially formulated HP Vivera Inks in dark gray, light gray and photo black. With a wider palette of true grays and blacks, photographers can create black-and-white photos with high contrast and detail, ideal for stunning landscapes and rich portraits.PRODUCT FEATURES:Professional-quality photos with clear color, shading and accurate skin tones with HP Vivera Inks;Black-and-white photos with neutral grays and black show high contrast and image details by using a wider palette of true grays and blacks;Details in shadow areas, tone and texture stand out in studio-quality photos;HP Vivera Inks are specially formulated to provide photos with the best combination of image quality and fade resistance;HP-formulated light gray, dark gray and black inks are designed for true grayscale photo printing;HP Vivera Inks are pure and free of harmful contaminants, ensuring optimal reliability and quality;Color consistency between cartridge changes, and in every photo, with Smart printing technology;Shop for replacement cartridges with alerts that let users know when ink levels are low;Recycle for free through convenient HP Planet Partners program, simply use the pre-addressed, postage paid return kit provided.
D4705769	A4 Tech is a global leader in manufacturing personal computer products. A4 Tech maintains an exceptionally strong commitment to develop, for it's within the discipline of development that yesterday's fiction becomes tomorrow's reality.PRODUCT FEATURES:Both Handed Design;3 Programmable Buttons;Single Scrolling Wheel;520 DPI Ball;Noiseless Comfort Wheel;iWheelWorks Program.
D4725898	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality, fast delivery and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.PRODUCT FEATURES:Fits ATX 2.0 12V specification;Compatible with ATX 1.x;1 x 120mm sleeve bearing fan;Active PFC (Power Factor Correction);100,240V autodetect Input;Over-Voltage Protection;Over-Temperature Protection.
D4725899	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.PRODUCT FEATURES:Drive: 3 x 5.25" + 2 x 3.5" FDD, 2 x 3.5" HDD;For ATX M/B or Intel P4 Thermal Advantage chassis;Optional 1 x 120mm, 3 x 90 mm and1 x 80 mm cooling fan;Built-in Front USB & FireWire;For PS II Power Supply.
D4732098	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with 1X-16X DVD+R Hardware;Record 4.7GB or 120Min of data and video in approximately 5 minutes;Advanced AZO recording dye optimizes read/write performance;Ideal for recording up to 2 hours of DVD quality home movies and video clips;Archive and back up, up to 4.7GB of important data;Compatible with 16X DVD+R drives from Sony, Dell, HP, Compaq and others;Read compatible with most DVD-ROM drives and DVD video players.
D4735207	A4 Tech is a global leader in manufacturing personal computer products. A4 Tech maintains an exceptionally strong commitment to develop, for it's within the discipline of development that yesterday's fiction becomes tomorrow's reality.PRODUCT FEATURES:350K Pixels;Five layer glass lens ensures no distortion or blurriness in any part of the image;Natural color and light auto balance;Built-in microphone to get clear sound transfers & records;Snap shot button for install still image;Tiny distanced focus;Automatic White Balance;Supports Net Meeting.
D4736629	Corsair Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices. The Value Select line is qualified for major current desktop systems.
D4737597	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specs, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D4737599	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specs, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D4737600	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specs, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D4737601	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specs, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D4744393	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4745625	TRENDnet stands on the cutting edge of technology. TRENDnet is committed to providing its customers with cost-effective and reliable networking solutions that bridge the gap between today and tomorrow.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compliant with IEEE 802.3z Gigabit Ethernet and Fiber Channel Standards;Industry standard SFP package;Duplex LC connector;Up to 2.125Gbps Bi-Directional Data Links;Die Cast Metal Housing for low EMI;Hot Pluggable.
D4746854	The Harmony 885 Advanced Universal Remote puts you in control of your entire audio-video system with just one button. It's home entertainment the way it should be - simple.Optimized for complicated HDTV and PVR systems, the Harmony 885 helps you tame tough configurations like switching your television between video aspect ratios depending on the program source. The interactive color display lets you quickly choose a 16: 9 ratio for movies and HDTV, or a standard 4: 3 ratio for basic television programming.
D4748777	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4749682	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:5.1 sound card for amazing surround sound;Ideal for DVD movies and games with 5.1 audio;Compatible with DirectX, EAX, A3D and HRTF;Fully Windows Plug & Play.
D4751713	Corsair Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices. The Value Select line is qualified for major current desktop systems.
D4753996	Converts the focal length of the body lens by a factor of approximately 0.75 (35 mm film equivalent at maximum wide angle: approximately 27 mm) when attached.
D4754001	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4754657	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:High Efficient ventilation: Dual 12cm silent fan in front & rear, 9cm fan on side panel;Tool-Free when installing 5.25" & 3.5" device;Dual USB 2.0, IEEE 1394 Firewire, Audio & Speaker ports;Retractable foot stand.
D4754658	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:High Efficient ventilation: Dual 12cm silent fan in front & rear, 9cm fan on side panel;Tool-Free when installing 5.25" & 3.5" device;Dual USB 2.0, IEEE 1394 Firewire, Audio & Speaker ports;Retractable foot stand.
D4760715	You'll be surprised at the diversity and breadth of Dicota's product range. Dicota manufactures a variety of products and accessories in the best quality, constantly improving its product range and adjusting it to current developments in mobile solutions.PRODUCT FEATURES:Cushioned Notebook Compartment;Front Pocket;Workstation with compartments for mobile accessories;Document compartment;Notebookstrap;Shoulder Strap.
D4760716	You'll be surprised at the diversity and breadth of Dicota's product range. Dicota manufactures a variety of products and accessories in the best quality, constantly improving its product range and adjusting it to current developments in mobile solutions.PRODUCT FEATURES:Cushioned Notebook Compartment;Front Pocket;Workstation with compartments for mobile accessories;Document compartment;Notebookstrap;Shoulder Strap.
D4762672	It is difficult to imagine a case designed for workstation and mini-server can also be aesthetically pleasing at the same time. However Silverstone's engineer responsible for introducing the home theater look into the mainstream PC market had other ideas. By combining a powerful extended ATX chassis with a sensuous all aluminum front door assembly, a majestic tower case was born that Silverstone called TJ05.
D4762673	If there is a list for a case you would most likely to own, the TJ04 would be at the top. With a size that is just right for a mid tower and plenty of tool-less features plus a quiet, efficient cooling arrangement, it already possesses an exemplary chassis. Add to all of this an understated but still impressive all black appearance with conspicuous diamond cut finish, the TJ04 is quite literally, irresistible.
D4767762	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D4771211	The Master VC headset is ideal for all applications that require optimal voice communication: Internet telephony (VoIP), network-based computer games with voice support, videoconferences, speech recognition, messenger applications with audio functionality and many others.The Master VC headset's quality audio also lets you enjoy music from your PC or CD player. Use the inline controller to adjust the volume at any time without having to first open the virtual fader of your sound card.The lightweight design of the headset guarantees comfort - for hours at a time. The adjustable headband and flexible microphone boom ensure a perfect fit for any head shape. And thanks to the color-coded jacks, nothing can go wrong when plugging the headset in.
D4771230	Corsair Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices. The Value Select line is qualified for major current desktop systems.
D4776376	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:Stereo headset with adjustable microphone for hands-free video conferencing, chatting, online gaming and telephony applications;Convenient headphone volume control integrated in cable;High sensitive omni-directional microphone;'Behind-the-head' headband and single sided cable for a laid-back look and feel.
D4781205	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.
D4781732	The Reserator 1 Plus incorporates Zalman's HCET (High Capacity Extrusion Technique) technology, high efficiency cooling technology, and optimal heat dissipation design for exceptional cooling performance even through natural convection cooling.The Reserator 1 Plus is a fanless water-cooling system that unites the functions of a reservoir, radiator, and water pump into one system for easy operation.
D4783554	TRENDnet TK-EX2 Extension Kit provides a simple and affordable solution to control computer or KVM switch up to 500ft/152m away. Ideal for isolated server rooms, network operating centers, secure systems, or test benches where computers are inaccessible. The TK-EX2 reduces equipment cost by utilizing standard CAT5 network cable to transmit keyboard, video, and mouse signals.
D4783556	The TEW-453APB is a 108Mbps high speed 802.11g Wireless Access Point that offers advanced wireless security, network management, and Power-over-Ethernet capabilities. Wireless security features include TKIP and AES algorithms for WPA, and also Radius based MAC authentication. Features for network management include VLAN, SNMP support, System log support, and Rogue AP for extra security.
D4784372	The world's best-selling gamer case. With spectacular design and superb craftsmanship, the Dragon delivers all the latest innovations. Compatible with all of today's hottest motherboards, including AT, Baby AT, ATX and Micro ATX. Dragon cases are available in steel and aluminum construction and options include clear side panels and USB/FireWire up-front ports.PRODUCT FEATURES:Door handle for the opening of the side part;Easy removal of the disk drive panels;A sure shut down of your system by an unappropriate opening;Hand screws for the installation of disk drives;USB and Firewire at the front;Screwless installation of PCI cards;Secure grounding;Kensington lock;Microsoft PC 99;90 mm side fan;90 mm fan at the back side;80 mm HDD fan;80 mm fan at the front.
D4787947	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:Padded interior to protect your hardware;Main section with strap and scaleable to suit every current notebook model size; fits notebooks with screens up to 15";Convenient extra compartments to store your power supply, cables, peripherals, CD's/DVD's, business cards, documents, pens, etc.;Dual zippers and velcro fasteners to ensure easy access and secure storage;Durable and adjustable shoulder strap to ensure easy access and comfortable carrying.
D4795691	Verbatim's DVD-R for General was designed to meet the needs of users who demand a higher capacity. Therefore designed primarily for businesses and consumers for data archiving and one-time video recording.Professionals working with large image files, for example, will immediately discover advantages such as the ability to have an entire picture library on one disc, while sharing large multimedia files will no longer be a problem. Home-users will be able to edit, organize, share and preserve their memories on one disc in the form of photos, video clips and music.
D4796211	The SPC 900NC is the webcam that others are judged by. Offering the ultimate in image and sound quality, it's perfect for face-to-face video conferencing, web-casting and remote home monitoring. Quite simply, the best there is!
D4803963	TRENDnet's TEW-441PC 108 Mbps Wireless CardBus PC Card allows laptop users the mobile freedom to connect at home, in the office or to the wireless hotspots on the road. It complies with the IEEE 802.11g standard, making it backward compatible with 802.11 b networks for assured compatibility as you roam between networks. Advaced 128-bit WEP encryption is supported to provide secure access for your data. Cut the wires and move freely with TRENDnet's 802.11g wireless products.
D4803964	TRENDnet's TEW-443PI 108Mbps Wireless PCI Adapter cuts the wires to your desktop and provides 108Mbps speed to handle bandwidth-intensive applications. It complies with the IEEE 802.11g standard, making it backward compatible with 802.11b networks for assured compatibility. Advanced 128-bit WEP encryption is supported to provide secure access for your data. Cut the wires and move your desktop where you need it with TRENDnet's 802.11g wireless PCI Adapter.
D4809424	APC Smart-UPS SC is the perfect protection for the IT resources of your growing business. Manageable and cost effective, APC Smart-UPS SC is designed for use by small and medium companies looking to protect entry level servers and networking equipment, providing both power and data-line protection. Included PowerChute Business Edition management software allows you to configure safe system shutdowns and take advantage of advanced UPS management features like automated risk assessments and runtime capacity calculations. (All major operating systems supported). Communications are through your server's standard serial port. When you are ready to take your business to the next level you can use the same software environment found on Smart-UPS SC to seamlessly manage other Smart-UPS models, allowing you to grow your IT infrastructure without having to replace your software or retrain your administrators. Built on the same standards as the award winning Smart-UPS UPS, the Smart-UPS SC is the UPS to start your business with.
D4809789	Give your black-and-white documents a polished, professional look. The HP 21 cartridge is perfect for low-volume users who want laser-quality text and graphics.
D4809790	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4815343	Old family snapshots, your personal documents - whatever you're scanning or copying, the streamlined CanoScan LiDE 25 Color Image Scanner is a snap to use. Three easy buttons automate the entire process, letting you scan, send images to your printer for copying, or prepare attachments for e-mail. Just position your original and select the use for the image; in approximately 16 seconds your scan can be previewed on your monitor. For added convenience, one simple cable provides both power and a USB connection, reducing the number of wires around your desk.
D4818135	This environmentally friendly standard PC keyboard was the first in the world to be awarded the "Blue Angel" environmental symbol. It combines innovative technology with timeless design. And the NTK system - membrane contact switches with rubber-mat technology - makes it ideal for individual use.Cherry G83-6504 is a keyboard with integrated USB hub with four downstream ports. The bus-powered USB hub has four downstream ports on the right rear side of the keyboard.
D4819508	Enjoy the elegant styling and premium sound of Logitech Z-4 speaker system, featuring a modern, home audio inspired design and advanced driver technology.Award-winning pressure-driver subwoofer technology delivers unparalleled distortion-free bass. Sleek satellites include durable cast-metal stands and feature one active and two pressure drivers, producing the high-quality sound you expect from Logitech. The convenient wired remote control includes a headphone jack, auxiliary input, volume, subwoofer, and power controls. Setup is easy with color-coded audio cables.
D4819584	Corsair Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices. The Value Select line is qualified for major current desktop systems.
D4821657	NETGEAR offers wireless, Ethernet, powerline and phoneline networking products through a complete line of routers, gateways, switches, hubs, and adapters. NETGEAR products offer the strongest security and privacy options available to protect home and business customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Adds long-haul fiber optic connectivity to the FS726T, FS726TP, FS750T2, GS716T, GS724T, GS748T, FSM7326P, FSM7328S, FSM7352S, GSM7212, GSM7224, GSM7248, GSM7312 and GSM7324;Drives Gigabit Ethernet connectivity to 70km distances;Meets SFP GBIC standard for use with any SFP GBIC compliant slot;LC connector;Works with 9 µm single mode cabling.
D4823553	Now, everyone in your network has the freedom to work wherever they wish, without worrying about system interference or dropouts - with NETGEAR's RangeMax Wireless Access Point! Add this device to your Ethernet network, and you'll have reliable, high-speed wireless access that's up to 10 times the coverage of standard 802.11g technology. RangeMax Wireless Access Point navigates through possible signal interference (at speeds up to 108 Mbps), turning your former "dead zones" into hot spots! Fully compatible with your existing 802.11g and 802.11b systems and devices, NETGEAR's RangeMax Wireless Access Point is the ideal complement to your growing network.RangeMax is an advanced Smart MIMO (Multi-In, Multi-Out) technology that uses seven internal antennas. RangeMax constantly surveys your home environment for physical barriers and interference and adjusts the wireless signal to compensate for these performance blockers. For example, if you carry your laptop from the family room to the bedroom, RangeMax automatically senses the change and selects from over 100 possible antenna configurations to deliver you the fastest, clearest connection! Everyone will enjoy consistently high-speed connections, everywhere in your home or business - no drop-outs, and no dead spots.Using your RangeMax Wireless Access Point couldn't be simpler: just plug it into your existing router. That's it! NETGEAR Smart Wizard configuration assistant provides simple-to-understand prompts to guide you through the setup. Once it's up and running, every member of your network will enjoy data transfer speeds of up to 108 Mbps - and, wireless coverage of up to 500,000 square feet when used with a NETGEAR RangeMax wireless client! And you don't need to throw away your old wireless devices; RangeMax is 100% compatible with your existing 802.11b/g products and will boost their range and speed by up to 50%There's no need to worry about unauthorized use of your network. Your RangeMax Wireless Access Point offers the safety 64-bit Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) technology with 128-bit encryption, as well as Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA), Pre-Shared Key technology, and Wireless MAC address authentication.
D4833895	Pump up your PC, CD and MP3 audio with Logitech's X-210 speaker system. Its sleek compact satellites with high-excursion drivers provide full, rich sound. The ported subwoofer design features dynamic, real-time equalization that maximizes bass response while minimizing distortion. It also displaces more air for deeper bass. The X-210 speaker system also has a convenient wired remote with volume and power controls and a headphone jack for private listening. Satellite speaker stands rotate for easy wall mounting. Plug and play connects easily to PCs, CD and MP3 players.
D4838863	WinTV-HVR-1300 brings analog and digital terrestrial TV (DVB-T) to your PC! If you live in an area where you can receive Freeview digital TV, the WinTV-HVR-1300 supports digital TV watching, pause, recording and playback on your PC's screen.If you live in an area where you can't currently receive Freeview digital TV, the WinTV-HVR-1300 can still be used to watch and record analog TV from cable or a TV aerial. But you are prepared for the future! When digital TV comes to your area, WinTV-HVR-1300 will also receive the new digital TV channels.
D4839509	DVD-RAM is a rewritable media that uses phase change technology for recording. DVD-RAM is designed for data intensive, high performance applications. Data stored on DVD-RAM can be accessed in the same manner as a hard drive, with drag and drop capabilities, and can be overwritten 100, 000 times.
D4839511	At 8x speed, the industry's fastest Double Layer DVD burning speed, an entire 8.5GB disc can be filled to capacity in less than 15 minutes!
D4839515	Verbatim's DVD-Rewriteable media use a Super Eutectic Recording Layer (SERL). SERL ensures that noise-free recording can be enjoyed time and time again. With conventional rewriteable media, the recording layer deteriorates with every rewrite, meaning a decrease in quality. With Verbatim rewriteable media however, the recording layer is returned to perfect condition on every erase cycle, leaving a flawless disk for the next recording. SERL also enables this media to enjoy excellent archival stability and high-speed recording. This means users can enjoy perfect, high-speed data storage every time.
D4842302	The Targus Small Camera Case is designed to fit many small cameras including the Sony P series. The compact case is equipped with thick padding for ultra protection. A special compartment keeps your flash memory safe. For convenience a belt loop and shoulder strap are included. Constructed of rugged nylon, this camera will stand the test of time.
D4842770	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.PRODUCT FEATURES:Special spring design for anti-vibration, and one-thumb screw for more efficient FDD installation;Patented HDD screwless Rail design, and sliding HDD drivers for installation;More Fan holes designing on both side panels to enhance thermal concern;Increasing to 6x3.5" HDD Cages installation (suitable for S-ATA HDD too) for more flexible upgrading purpose.
D4846033	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:6 button optical mouse with special 1600/800 dpi resolution button to switch between sniper precision and warp-speed acceleration;Ergonomic design with rubber coating for comfortable and steady grip during long gaming sessions;Various game actions can be assigned to the 6 durable buttons with the included software;Durable, extra thin USB cable: lighter weight, less drag.
D4861386	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4861387	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4861388	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4861389	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4861390	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4861391	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4861392	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4862570	Truly the first of its kind, the LC14 shatters the notion that HTPC case must be understated and restrained to be beautiful. By painstaking bending a thick, high quality acrylic panel into the shape of a front panel cover, a high tech appearance was created. Mated with two substantially styled aluminum alloy panels perfectly configured for multimedia use, the styling looks as capable as the high tech features it includes. With dual 5.25" soft closing drive bays and integrated hotkey, the LC14 is more than just a stunning HTPC case, it is a statement.
D4864061	Hercules DJ Console Mk2 is the first digital mixing console with integrated audio also serving as an interface with DJs' vinyl turntables and CD players. The DJ Console Mk2 allows users to not only mix on their computer without any other device, but also integrates itself into a DJ's usual analog equipment!With 2 stereo inputs to connect 2 vinyl turntables or CD players and 2 stereo outputs allowing users to play their mix over amplified speakers or redirect the sound to an effects processor or external mixer, the Hercules DJ Console Mk2 can be used on its own or function as an interface between a computer and a DJ's other analog instruments.
D4865156	Work with your hands in a more natural position with this compact ergonomic keyboard. Just plug it in and start typing - more comfortably.PRODUCT FEATURES:Enjoy a drink while you work - this keyboard is designed to withstand an accidental spill;The notebook-like, sleek design of these keys feels and looks great;The stylish, curved design of this ergonomic keyboard helps your hands and wrists rest more naturally for greater comfort;With the touch of a button you can quickly access the Internet;Just plug in this keyboard and start typing - it's that easy to use;Space Saving Design;MultiMedia Keys;Cutting-Edge Design.
D4865158	Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000 has been expertly crafted to allow you to work in a more natural position. The new Gull Wing design features a 14-degree gable, a natural arc and a curved key bed - bringing the keys closer to your fingers to reduce reach and unnecessary motion, while encouraging a more natural typing position. It also comes equipped with an optional palm lift for a seven-degree reverse slope and a cushioned wrist rest that encourages better arm and wrist alignment.
D4871549	This numeric keypad with integrated 2-port USB hub is ideal for effective numeric use on notebook. It also handy for left hand numeric use. The keypad features backspace and extra numeric triple zero key.
D4874247	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4876318	The diNovo Media Desktop Laser is the most advanced desktop for today's digital world. Its award-winning ultra-flat keyboard maximizes comfort and quietness, while a matching MediaPad provides remote control of music or images on your PC. The MediaPad also acts as a numeric pad for easy data entry and integrates a calculator. Results can be pasted into any PC application. Ultra-fast Bluetooth 2.0 provides an extended range of up to 20 m. It turns your PC into a wireless hub, enabling VoIP with a Bluetooth headset, transfer of pictures from a Bluetooth mobile phone, synchronization of your Bluetooth devices and more. A rechargeable MX Laser mouse delivers stunning performance and comfort and smart power management monitors battery levels.
D4880517	The 54Mbps Wireless G Router offers a complete wireless solution that allows you to share files, an Internet connection, or network resource while protecting your network using enhanced security features. Simply plug your workstations and your broadband modem into the Wireless G router, and configure your broadband connection using its built-in Web Interface. Use the Virtual Server feature to configure any workstation as a Web Server or FTP server easily, allowing users to view files from the Internet. You can also protect your Wireless LAN using 64/128-bit WEP encryption or industry standard WPA-PSK with TKIP or AES algorithms. Increase security by enabling MAC, IP, or Protocol Filtering as well as setting Firewall Rules to limit Internet Access or block malicious intruders from accessing your network.
D4880518	The TRENDnet TEW-450APB 108Mbps High Speed 802.11g Wireless Access Point with XP support, which achieves "wired" speeds wirelessly with the latest technology. Using frame bursts, frame compression, fast frames and dynamic turbo, the TEW-450APB can have speeds up to 108Mbps. The TEW-450APB is also compatible with standard 802.11b/g and has WPA-PSK, 64/128-bit WEP security.
D4880519	The Wireless AP/Router is the cornerstone of your IEEE 802.11g wireless network. Capable of speeds of up to 108Mbps, the TEW-452BRP built-in AP facilitates seamless wireless communication between your devices. The unit's router enables you to share a single Internet account with multiple users, while its 10/100Mbps 4-port switch gives you the flexibility to support wired Ethernet connections. With WEP and WPA-compliant encryption protecting your information, you'll be able to share files, Internet connections, and other resources with the peace of mind you deserve. Other security features include a SPI firewall.
D4880520	TRENDnet's TEW-444UB 802.11g USB 2.0 Wireless adapter provides wireless connectivity with 802.11g, or 802.11b networks and an easy-to-install, backward compatible interface to bring the best wireless solution for desktop/mobile workstations. The TEW-444UB can reach blazing speeds of 108Mbps. It also dynamically encrypts wireless transmissions with WPA-TKIP or AES.
D4880521	The 802.11g Wireless USB 2.0 adapter combines features of Wi-Fi detectors and standard 802.11g wireless adapter to deliver the perfect solution for mobile users. It has built-in LCD display helps you determine an access point's security scheme (WPA, WEP), signal strength, and wireless standard (802.11b or 802.11g) without turning on your laptop!
D4880526	The TRENDnet TEW-511BRP Dual-Band 802.11 a+g Wireless Router combines features from a wired router and wireless access point to create an all-in-one network solution for home or small office. Wireless clients equipped with the TEW-501PC 802.11a/g adapter can take advantage of Super A+G technology by using frame bursts, fast frames, frame compression, and dynamic turbo to reach speeds up to 108 Mbps. A built-in 4-port switch connects wired workstations to your network while the access point connects standard 802.11a/b/g wireless clients. TEW-511BRP's is an ideal appliance for sharing Internet access and network resources. The TEW-511BRP firewall protects your network from hackers while WEP and WPA encryptions safe guard wireless transmission.
D4880529	TRENDnet's TEW-504UB 802.11a/g USB 2.0 Wireless adapter provides wireless connectivity with 802.11a, 802.11g, or 802.11b networks and an easy-to-install, backward compatible interface to bring the best wireless solution for desktop/mobile workstations. The TEW-504UB can reach blazing speeds of 108Mbps. It also dynamically encrypts wireless transmissions with WPA-TKIP or AES.
D4883657	In a case barely bigger than a regular-sized CD-ROM drive, the LC12 has the capability to accommodate a full-fledged system. With room to utilize a regular sized hard drive and a slim optical drive, the LC12 offers an amazing array of computing possibilities in almost any settings.
D4883658	In a case barely bigger than a regular-sized CD-ROM drive, the LC12 has the capability to accommodate a full-fledged system. With room to utilize a regular sized hard drive and a slim optical drive, the LC12 offers an amazing array of computing possibilities in almost any settings.
D4896753	Enjoy the elegant styling and premium sound of Logitech's Z-4i speaker system, featuring a modern, home-audio inspired design and advanced driver technology.Award-winning pressure-driver subwoofer technology delivers unparalleled distortion-free bass. Sleek satellites include durable cast-metal stands and feature one active and two pressure drivers, producing the high-quality sound you expect from Logitech. The convenient wired remote control includes a headphone jack, auxiliary input, volume, subwoofer, and power controls. Setup is easy with color-coded audio cables. The high-gloss finish and cast-metal stands complement any desktop. The "Apple-ish" look of the Z-4i coordinates nicely with a Mac.
D4901543	The HP 342 Tri-color Inkjet Print Cartridge produces vibrant color for projects that feature photos, graphics, and text.The HP 342 Tri-color Inkjet Print Cartridge is ideal for occasional, lower-volume color printing at home.
D4901544	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D4901545	The HP 337 black inkjet print cartridge provides fast printing of laser-quality black for crisp, sharp text and graphics. Designed to ensure excellent results every time, its smart printing features ensure easy set-up, carefree printing and outstanding quality.
D4902031	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4902032	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4902033	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4902035	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4902036	With ChromaLife100 system create long lasting beautiful photos when used with genuine Canon photo paper. Individual ink tanks reduce waste and can save you money.
D4902037	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4902038	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4902039	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4902040	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4902041	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4903534	Creating a small form factor (SFF) enclosure without a proprietary motherboard or power supply is a challenge that few companies want to face. For SilverStone, this intriguing challenge was welcomed with open arms and company's engineers created yet another segment-defining design that will become the standard for years to come. The SG01's immaculate aluminum interior offers incredible amount of space for nearly all standard ATX components in a foot print that is only a few inches larger than typical SFF systems. With its carefully arranged cooling configuration and the ability to accommodate a wide array of Micro ATX motherboards, ATX power supplies, and even two double width graphics cards, the SG01 will ensure greater upgrade possibility than ever before.The SG01 compatibility notes: CPU cooler cannot exceed 78mm in height; The combined depth of power supply and optical drive cannot exceed 355mm.
D4907015	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB webcam with 352 x 288 resolution (100k);For internet applications such as chatting and video conferencing;Maximum video speed of 30 frames per second;Manual focus for best image quality;The camera stand can also be used as a clamp to attach the webcam to an LCD screen;Compatible with MSN Messenger, Yahoo Messenger and other messenger services.
D4908859	Standard doesn't have to mean boring! Whether in cool aluminum colors or with yellow key caps - this keyboard brings variety to your desk. The comfortable actuation and the abrasion-proof inscription of the key caps ensure additional comfort.
D4908865	Coffee on the keyboard... dirt between the keys... life is hard, but the CyMotion Expert can take all this and more! Thanks to its special construction, this capable, extremely robust cabled keyboard in the new, elegant CyMotion design is nearly indestructible and offers reliable top performance and precise actuation even after many years. Perfect ergonomics and numerous clever additional features are other convincing arguments. The ideal keyboard for anyone who values reliability and perfect handling without superfluous show effects. And all this at a more than fair price.
D4917537	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D4917631	A distinctive speaker system that surprises and delights, the stylish I-Trigue 3220 delivers an all-encompassing sound spectrum, thanks to its unique BasXPort technology, which gives a more pronounced mid-range in your audio playback. The result of this is a seamless blending of deep bass tones and crystal clear treble. It's the 2.1 speaker system that lets you make a bold statement - about great design and sound.Get an unparalleled listening experience with BasXPort technology! It is acoustically engineered and designed to channel sound waves from the inner chamber of the satellite speaker to the soundstage, enhancing mid tones, and seamlessly blending bass, mid and high tones to perfection. Powerful ported wood subwoofer delivers powerful, deep bass reproduction. Magnetically-shielded satellite speakers let you place I-Trigue 3220 near your desktop without any interference. Each sonically-refined speaker features a tweeter and a mid-range driver, creating a perfect balance between high and mid tones, and ensuring accurate and clear music reproduction.Space saving design is made to make a statement. Its unique, slim profile adds a stylist, modern touch to your desktop.
D4917632	Creative's I-Trigue 3330 speaker system is the choice for people who demand great desktop audio with extra style. The impressive design of the tall, slim satellites features three silver drivers which contrast dramatically with the glossy black enclosures which look brilliant alongside notebook PCs, flat panel monitors and other advanced systems. Creative uses NeoTitanium micro drivers, which deliver much better audio than ordinary aluminum drivers, combining a more realistic presence with crisp detail and strong penetration. A powerful subwoofer with flared port tube combines clarity and detail with clean, strong bass, while the wired remote makes the I-Trigue 3330 easy to manage.
D4919037	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:High efficiency ventilation: 12cm silent fan in rear;Transparent side panel;Tool - Free when installing 5.25" & 3.5" device;Dual USB 2.0, IEEE 1394 FireWire, Audio & Speaker ports;Stylish streamline form design;Thumb-screws for easy opening side panel;EMI protection spring.
D4919038	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:High efficiency ventilation: 12cm silent fan in rear;Transparent side panel;Tool - Free when installing 5.25" & 3.5" device;Dual USB 2.0, IEEE 1394 Firewire, Audio & Speaker ports;Stylish streamline form design;Thumb-screws for easy opening side panel;EMI protection spring.
D4922669	Creative's Inspire 280 speakers are great for home listening and deliver outstanding results with MP3 players. Compact and neat, in classic black, they are the choice for stylish entertainment. Their high-quality amplified drivers with rear bass ports deliver sound that feels so much 'bigger', with rich bass, a clear, penetrating mid-range and impressive high-end detail. For people who want a straight forward speaker solution that combines traditional Creative quality with ease of use, Inspire 280s are the natural choice.
D4924661	The only Vibration Feedback wheel compatible with PC and Playstation 2.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB Plug (PC) + Gameport Plug (PS2);Compatible with all PC and Playstation 2 racing games;Powerful Vibration Feedback, "Immersion License";100% compatible "Vibration Feedback" Games (PC & PS2) (CD "PC VIBRATION DRIVER" included);"Force button" on the wheel itself activates/deactivates Vibration during race;Exclusive "Precision Drive Technology" (on PS2);Amplifies the wheel's reactivity without creating any dead zone;More precise control, easier powersliding, burnouts & donuts;2 wheel-mounted digital levers (reinforced strength);For gearshifting, like on Ferrari cars!;Real rubber on handgrips and ergonomic design;Bungee cord mechanism;Realistic driving sensations (better than Spring Mechanism);Central Clamping System for ultimate stability (better than suction cups);Very large progressive pedals with long travel.
D4927076	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D4927078	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D4938378	The TWIN2X2048-6400 is a 2 GByte matched pair of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 800MHz at the low latencies of 5-5-5-12-T1. This module is also available in a single module part.
D4943570	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D4949194	The ZERO SHOCK Laptop Bag offers volume storage convenient for overnight business trip.
D4949341	Bigger and faster is a good thing. But smaller and faster is better. The SCX-4521F flatbed laser MFP delivers the full functionality of four fast office machines in one surprisingly compact package. Combining the power of a laser printer, digital copier, laser fax and color scanner, the SCX-4521F is the economical and efficient solution for home-based and small office settings. Print sharp text and graphics at speeds up to 20 ppm, with a first-page output time of just 11 seconds. Even the 33.6 Kbps fax is fast, with 3-second scan and 3-second transmission speeds, along with 100 speed dial locations including 10 one-touch numbers. For copying and scanning, a flatbed reader allows you to work with almost any size original, while full 600 x 600 dpi output ensures superior quality. There's also a convenient 30-page automatic document feeder, to make quick work of multi-page documents. Want even more efficiency? Exclusive TonerSave mode increases toner yield by up to 40 percent with the push of a button. The SCX-4521F is compatible with various Windows, Mac and Linux operating systems, and offers both parallel and USB 1.1 interfaces (compatible with USB 2.0). The SCX-4521F laser MFP. Small size. Big results.
D4952431	Kingston HyperX line of high-performance DDR memory modules is geared toward the avid gamer and PC enthusiast markets.HyperX modules are designed for consumers who like to maximize the performance of their systems to allow for the optimization of memory parameters. With HyperX memory modules, gamers and PC enthusiasts can take full advantage of their system's performance with the increased performance provided by the Kingston HyperX modules.
D4952433	Kingston HyperX line of high-performance DDR memory modules is geared toward the avid gamer and PC enthusiast markets.HyperX modules are designed for consumers who like to maximize the performance of their systems to allow for the optimization of memory parameters. With HyperX memory modules, gamers and PC enthusiasts can take full advantage of their system's performance with the increased performance provided by the Kingston HyperX modules.
D4952435	Kingston HyperX line of high-performance DDR memory modules is geared toward the avid gamer and PC enthusiast markets.HyperX modules are designed for consumers who like to maximize the performance of their systems to allow for the optimization of memory parameters. With HyperX memory modules, gamers and PC enthusiasts can take full advantage of their system's performance with the increased performance provided by the Kingston HyperX modules.
D4952526	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:High efficiency ventilation: 12cm silent fan in rear;Tool - Free when installing 5.25" & 3.5" device;Dual USB 2.0, IEEE 1394 FireWire, Audio & Speaker ports;Stylish streamline form design;Thumb-screws for easy opening side panel;EMI protection spring.
D4952527	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:High efficiency ventilation: 12cm silent fan in rear;Tool - Free when installing 5.25" & 3.5" device;Dual USB 2.0, IEEE 1394 Firewire, Audio & Speaker ports;Stylish streamline form design;Thumb-screws for easy opening side panel;EMI protection spring.
D4957517	Silverstone is specializing in unique ID design and mechanical design for all kinds of aluminum alloy products. The company is targeting at the special solution for low acoustic and high performance electronic thermal solutions.PRODUCT FEATURES:High strength ABS plastic construction;Universal mounting system for any PSU;Foam padded underside lining;Reduce PSU acoustic noise with minimal airflow obstruction;Unique SilverStone styling.
D4957520	Designed for the living room and intimate personal environments, the LC17 is an HTPC enclosure with quiet appearance and excellent potential for low operational noise. The aluminum front panel is crafted to achieve a generous feeling of substance by minimizing gaps and holes. Everything is either covered or hidden to make sure the look is as clean as possible. Matching the quiet styling of the front panel is an interior that features the latest in HTPC enclosure design. From advanced six hard drive capacity and inverted PSU mounting to dedicated CPU cooling zone, the LC17 proves that there is no need to compromise when building an HTPC.
D4957524	The I-Trigue L3800 handles a full sound spectrum from the deepest bass tones to crystal clear treble, delivering a full-blown audio experience like never before. Encased within its sleek aluminum finish are NeoTitanium micro drivers and a Lateral Firing Transducer, creating a distinctive loudspeaker system that delights with a richer listening experience and a wider soundstage.
D4960690	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4963828	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4969627	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman Tech strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:The high intensity blue LEDs on VF700 LED coolers stay bright even in Silent Mode;Does not generate noise or vibration in Silent Mode;Pure Copper base material ensures excellent heat dissipation;Fan installed in the heatsink (FHS) cools not only the VGA chipset and VGA RAM, but all other VGA components as well;Silent Mode and Normal Mode selection provided to accommodate the user's environment and preference.
D4969823	The FAX-L100 offers powerful fax performance with a fax transmission speed of up to 3 seconds per page using a Super G3 33.6 Kbps fax modem. The FAX-L100 produces high quality laser fax printing at 12 pages per minute, with 600 x 600 dpi resolution. This, combined with Canon's unique UHQ (Ultra High Quality) imaging technology ensures that text and images are sent with exceptional quality. Other features include a fax memory of up to 340 pages to ensure there are no lost messages, 115 speed dials for easy access to frequently used numbers, fax/tel auto-switch capability, dual access, and Telstra FaxStream Duet compatibility (where this service is available from your service provider).
D4969827	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4969829	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4969833	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4978938	The WTM-ANG01SV is a 14 degree angled mouse mat.
D4978941	Higt Definition Mouse Pad is a mouse pad in 100% silicon that enables positioning of the pointer exactly where you want it. The reverse side fits the desk to offer outstanding non-slip stability. Unique square dots on the surface provide an ideal degree of grip to reduce unwanted movement. 1.8 mm thick.
D4979167	Marketing description is not available.
D4983648	Guillemot Corporation is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of interactive leisure hardware and accessories. One of the largest companies in its field worldwide, Guillemot offers a wide range of products under the Hercules and Thrustmaster brand names. The Guillemot's mission is to offer innovative, high-quality products to intensify the sensations experienced by gamers and the enjoyment they derive from gaming. With its internal research and development teams, Guillemot's engineers produce first-rate technical solutions and product designs in order to offer the best possible price/enjoyment and price/performance ratios to its customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Wi-Fi CERTIFIED;The official WiFi Standard 802.11g : up to 54Mbps;Compatible with all 802.11b products;WPA/WPA2 (WEP) : just a password!;Hercules "WiFi Station" Software fully user-friendly;WiFi SCAN function to remain aware about the WIFI environment;Dedicated Hotline on end-users hours for full support;
D4984276	The WTM-ZSBB03 bag provides versatile storage and high mobility.
D4984277	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.
D4984278	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.
D4984279	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.
D4985912	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D4994654	HP 88 Ink Cartridges make HP's inkjet technology preferred for the office. Get vibrant, professional color every time with HP Vivera Inks.
D4994655	HP 88 Ink Cartridges make HP's inkjet technology preferred for the office. Get vibrant, professional color every time with HP Vivera Inks.
D4994656	HP 88 Ink Cartridges make HP's inkjet technology preferred for the office. Get vibrant, professional color every time with HP Vivera Inks.
D4994657	HP 88 Ink Cartridges make HP's inkjet technology preferred for the office. Get vibrant, professional color every time with HP Vivera Inks.
D4994658	HP 88 Ink Cartridges make HP's inkjet technology preferred for the office. Get vibrant, professional color every time with HP Vivera Inks.
D4994659	HP 88 Ink Cartridges make HP's inkjet technology preferred for the office. Get vibrant, professional color every time with HP Vivera Inks.
D4994660	HP 88 Ink Cartridges make HP's inkjet technology preferred for the office. Get vibrant, professional color every time with HP Vivera Inks.
D4994661	HP 88 Ink Cartridges make HP's inkjet technology preferred for the office. Get vibrant, professional color every time with HP Vivera Inks.
D5000038	Today, PC users are on the go. So a PC's drive better be reliable. No problem, if it's got a Samsung 2.5-inch hard drive. And with a 5400rpm spin speed and 8MB buffer, this drive also delivers truly impressive throughput performance, and leading-edge technology that increases noise suppression and lowers power consumption. Samsung HDD! There is the performance inside.
D5000684	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5000690	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5000724	Get optical reliability at an affordable price. This optical mouse features a convenient scroll wheel, customizable buttons, and stylish design.Optical technology refers to the use of an optical sensor to track mouse movement, rather than the traditional use of mechanical parts. As a result, optical mouse products work on most surfaces and offer you better durability, increased speed and accuracy, and consistent performance.
D5002311	Always take your SBA220 portable speaker system with you and share high-quality, powerful sound from any portable CD, DVD, MP3 or HDD player with friends. The speakers fit easily into your pocket or bag, and are protected by a handy pouch.
D5002507	NETGEAR's XE104 85 Mbps Wall-Plugged Switch is just what you need to efficiently get your LAN party underway in minutes. Its four Ethernet ports enable you to link as many as eight game consoles without running wires across your rooms.
D5006196	Marketing description is not available.
D5006197	Marketing description is not available.
D5006198	Marketing description is not available.
D5006199	Marketing description is not available.
D5007604	Revel in the ultra sound performance of the SHE 9500. With its exceptionally snug fit and powerful Neodymium speaker drivers, you can enjoy the most outstanding sound performance an in-ear headphone can deliver.
D5023115	CHIEFTEC's newest chassis combines multiple customer preferences and the consequent future trend of CHIEFTEC typical innovations. Barely any other Miditower chassis is able to take up ATX- and EATX size mainboards, six HDD's and five optional fans.
D5028570	Guillemot Corporation is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of interactive leisure hardware and accessories. One of the largest companies in its field worldwide, Guillemot offers a wide range of products under the Hercules and Thrustmaster brand names. The Guillemot's mission is to offer innovative, high-quality products to intensify the sensations experienced by gamers and the enjoyment they derive from gaming. With its internal research and development teams, Guillemot's engineers produce first-rate technical solutions and product designs in order to offer the best possible price/enjoyment and price/performance ratios to its customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Unique design created for the living room spirit;The latest "Firewall" technology: SPI "Stateful Packet Inspection";1 detachable antenna with universal SMA connector;3 positionings for the router available;The latest security level: WPA (WEP): just a password!;Router "WiFi Manager" Interface fully user-friendly;ADSL Modem integrated for getting access to the fast Internet;Router function which allows to address and manage numerous PCs;Dedicated Hotline on end-users hours for full support;Simple Modem configuration Process.
D5028571	Guillemot Corporation is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of interactive leisure hardware and accessories. One of the largest companies in its field worldwide, Guillemot offers a wide range of products under the Hercules and Thrustmaster brand names. The Guillemot's mission is to offer innovative, high-quality products to intensify the sensations experienced by gamers and the enjoyment they derive from gaming. With its internal research and development teams, Guillemot's engineers produce first-rate technical solutions and product designs in order to offer the best possible price/enjoyment and price/performance ratios to its customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Wi-Fi certified;The official WiFi Standard 802.11g: up to 54Mbps;Compatible with all 802.11b products;WPA/WPA2 (WEP): just a password;Hercules "WiFi Station" Software fully user-friendly;WiFi SCAN function to remain aware about the WIFI environment.
D5028673	Using the latest technology, the MIMO 802.11g Wireless Router offers a robust wireless solution to extend wireless coverage and improve network performance. It's also backward compatible with 802.11g and 802.11b, so legacy wireless devices can benefit from MIMO's extended range. For bandwidth intensive applications, the MIMO wireless router offers intelligent stream handling and automatic traffic prioritization. Security features include a built-in SPI firewall to protect you from hackers, and the latest wireless security (WPA2-PSK) to safeguard wireless transmissions. It also offers 8 types of services for Dynamic DNS. Capable of reaching speeds of up to 108Mbps, the MIMO 802.11g Wireless Router is the perfect solution for homes or small businesses.
D5029372	The spirit and philosophy of Tagan is to carry out state-of-art technologies for the best quality power supplies and to offer them to all users.PRODUCT FEATURES:Selectable switchable 12V rails for universal support of all ATX standards;Flexible cable management to optimize the space and airflow of the PC case;Universal connectors 20 or 24 and 4 or 8pin for all kind of motherboards.
D5032699	The FP32 is a convenient I/O ports kit for the new generation of computers. At an easy to integrate size of a 3.5" drive bay, it is available in either silver or black aluminum finish. By providing connections for four USB 2.0 ports (also compatible with version 1.0 & 1.1), one FireWire IEEE 1394 port, and two audio ports compatible in AC97 and High Definition audio (Azalia) standard, the FP32 is also excellent upgrade for any aluminum case.
D5032700	The FP32 is a convenient I/O ports kit for the new generation of computers. At an easy to integrate size of a 3.5" drive bay, it is available in either silver or black aluminum finish. By providing connections for four USB 2.0 ports (also compatible with version 1.0 & 1.1), one FireWire IEEE 1394 port, and two audio ports compatible in AC97 and High Definition audio (Azalia) standard, the FP32 is also excellent upgrade for any aluminum case.
D5032701	It is difficult to imagine a case designed for workstation and mini-server can also be aesthetically pleasing at the same time. However Silverstone's engineer responsible for introducing the home theater look into the mainstream PC market had other ideas. By combining a powerful extended ATX chassis with a sensuous all aluminum front door assembly, a majestic tower case was born that used to be called, TJ05.
D5032702	The LC04 was created as the ultimate small HTPC case with capacity to accommodate both full ATX motherboard and a 5.25" drive. In addition to its all aluminum construction, the LC04 also has a mirror-like front panel plate with stealth front door to maintain a streamlined look that is in a class all by itself.
D5032706	For SilverStone, every new form factor presents an opportunity to create designs that can completely abandon conventional perception of what enclosures could look and feel. For Intel's BTX, SilverStone introduced an exterior that would have been impossible to imagine in a market dominated by ATX form factor. Combine the smooth flowing lines that characterized SilverStone's HTPC cases with Silver Ring, an original design element carved out of aluminum and exclusively for BTX, the LC15 will certainly be held as a styling benchmark for years to come.
D5032707	Designed for the living room and intimate personal environments, the LC17 is an HTPC enclosure with quiet appearance and excellent potential for low operational noise. The aluminum front panel is crafted to achieve a generous feeling of substance by minimizing gaps and holes. Everything is either covered or hidden to make sure the look is as clean as possible. Matching the quiet styling of the front panel is an interior that features the latest in HTPC enclosure design. From advanced six hard drive capacity and inverted PSU mounting to dedicated CPU cooling zone, the LC17 proves that there is no need to compromise when building an HTPC.
D5043256	This extremely quiet CPU cooler Freezer 7 Pro with patented fan casing delivers outstanding cooling performance. The low speed 80 mm fan reduces the noise level to a minimum. The patented fan holder is able to practically eliminate the typical buzzing sound of 80mm fans. The PWM chip in the motor allows an exact fan speed control over the BIOS.The Heat Pipes with expanded diameter are able to transfer heat up to 200 Watt. The heat exchanger is built of 42 fins and consists of a surface area of over 4700 cm2 and allows for resistance free energy transfer to air.Air is drawn in from the side of the fan to cool the components around the CPU. Some air is blown out towards the voltage converters on the mainboard with the bent fins at the bottom.The four rubber connectors on the fan case act as a vibration damper to absorb the vibration of the running fan. This can reduce significant vibration between plastic fan case and heatsink.The cooler is to install without any tools within seconds.
D5043269	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.
D5058144	Get optical reliability at an affordable price. Microsoft Wheel Mouse Optical features a convenient scroll wheel, customizable buttons, and stylish design.Optical technology refers to the use of an optical sensor to track mouse movement, rather than the traditional use of mechanical parts. As a result, optical mouse products work on most surfaces and offer you better durability, increased speed and accuracy, and consistent performance.Ambidextrous design makes working more comfortable, whether you mouse with your left or right hand.Customize the mouse to work your way by reassigning any button or the wheel to open a file or Web page, or to perform a common command.Navigate documents and Web pages effortlessly without using the on-screen scroll bar, saving time and effort.
D5058648	The Cordless Desktop S 510 is a perfect match with today's flat screen systems. Its innovative flatter keyboard design gives you a consistent desktop look as well as an amazingly high level of comfort. Relax your wrists on the built-in palm rest, and with one touch, you can navigate the Web or "Shuffle" for a random music mix. Scroll pages vertically and horizontally with the optical mouse with tilt wheel, and you can use it continuously. Enjoy one-touch image zooming, and cool media features such as handy rotation of digital pictures. Launch applications with the programmable F-keys. An advanced optical mouse delivers fast, consistent performance - and more freedom of movement.
D5059486	Brilliant printing is headed your way! HP's new ColorSphere toner has been designed to work with your LaserJet 3600 or 3800 series printer for easy, fast, fabulous results.
D5059487	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D5059488	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D5059489	Bring out the best in your printer and your work - by using Hewlett-Packard printer accessories and supplies. They're designed and manufactured to meet the same high standards as your Hewlett-Packard printer. They'll work with your printer to deliver exceptional print quality and years of reliable performance.
D5059873	The 108Mbps 802.11g MIMO Wireless access point gives your wireless devices the freedom to operate at any location with reduced system interference or dropouts. Add this device to your Ethernet network, and you'll have reliable, high-speed wireless access, which provides wider coverage than standard 802.11b or 802.11g wireless networks. The MIMO Wireless Access Point navigates through possible signal interference, turning your former "dead zones" into hot spots! Fully compatible with your existing 802.11g and 802.11b systems and devices, the MIMO Wireless Access Point is the ideal upgrade for your wireless network.
D5065383	To alleviate the increasing trend of higher fan noise, the company created a smart fan controller that doubles as a system monitor and an alarm clock. After a brief setup, the FP52 will take control of your most important fans so there are no constant user interventions or monitoring needed as fans change speeds by themselves based on temperature. Coupled with a smoothly finished aluminum bezel, the FP52 is truly the intelligent choice for both seeking performance and style.
D5070017	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5079732	The Sound Blaster Audigy SE is an excellent value upgrade to 7.1 surround sound on the PC. Featuring high quality audio specifications including 24-bit/96kHz recording and playback with 100dB signal to noise ratio and digital output, it's the ideal partner for surround music and movie playback. For realistic gaming, EAX ADVANCED HD 3.0 support delivers acoustic effects and detailed 7.1 3D surround sound in gaming. The included Creative Media Source software is a comprehensive tool for creating MP3s, managing a music collection, adding effects and burning custom CD compilations.
D5079980	RaidSonic's target is to develop innovative products, which enrich and perfect the use of mass storage in a functional, aesthetic and high quality way. By the consequent use of high class components and materials, RaidSonic has positioned its products in the upper level market segment.PRODUCT FEATURES:External Aluminum 3, 5" Case;Aluminum case with lateral grid;Hot Plug-and-Play and Hot Swap;Status LED for Power and Access;Low noise without fan;Power switch on the back;Vertical and horizontal settalable;Supports 3, 5" SATA I/II HDD;USB 2.0 and SATA host interface;Power supply, data cables and socket in the scope of supply;Without disk capacity limit.
D5081899	The ultimate in reliability and recording performance is yours with Verbatim CD-R media. These advanced discs enable you to take full advantage of today's CD-R burners. With Verbatim CD-R media, you'll enjoy error-free performance even at the highest read/write speeds. Verbatim CD-R discs also feature an advanced surface coating that protects from scratches that can damage the recording layer.
D5084746	Corsair Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices. The Value Select line is qualified for major current desktop systems.
D5088551	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:7-port USB 2.0 hub;Up to 480 Mbps data transfer speed, 40x faster than USB 1.1;Connect up to 7 high-speed USB peripherals to one USB 2.0 port;Outputs protected against over current;Power adapter included powering your connected equipment.
D5091243	The new 2.1 speaker system Hercules XPS 2.160 will give you not only a beautiful sound...PRODUCT FEATURES:3-piece speaker kit with 60 Watts total output power and 120 Watts Peak Power;New fashionable design in line with today's new multimedia trends and lifestyle;30-Watt wooden subwoofer;2 x 15 Watt magnetically shielded satellites, which can be put on the desk or fixed to the wall;HAT Technology for enhanced sound diffusion. Clearer and more enveloping sound! Hercules Aluminum Transduction;Each satellite includes two 1.5-inch drivers for optimal distribution of medium and treble frequencies, and to support the system's power;Volume control, Headset input, MP3 player plug in on the front right-sided satellite;Complete audio connection with dedicated cables for Consoles, DVD and MP3 players.
D5099328	Whether in homes, factories, offices, airports, or on the street, it's hard to imagine a place where Philips is absent. What Philips wants is to make your life and work easier - and more fun! And Philips continuously explores new ways to improve products and to offer innovative products to its consumers. Philips. "Let's Make Things Better".
D5102642	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.
D5102643	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.
D5102644	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.
D5114617	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5114618	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5114619	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5114620	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.This product is a Plain Pedestal for 4 cassettes configuration.
D5114621	This option for imageRUNNER 2016/2020 mounts internally to provide two-sided scanning and printing capabilities.
D5114623	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5114625	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5115256	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:Pithy aluminum front panel design;Superb multimedia capability;ATX and Micro ATX compatibility;Front I/O ports for easy access.
D5124239	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compact 3-button optical scroll-mouse, suitable for left and right-handed users;Ideal for notebook users: compact design with low power consumption;Optimized design with rubber top layer for comfortable grip;High quality, 800 DPI optical sensor for increased accuracy;Suitable for USB connections.
D5129234	The DG834PNB RangeMax Wireless Modem Router enables ADSL broadband subscribers to dramatically boost wireless networking coverage and eliminate dead spots by dynamically adapting on the fly to your changing home or small office environment.The DG834PNB RangeMax Wireless Modem Router (Gateway) adjusts to interference and the physical barriers to maximize coverage. With RangeMax dynamic connectivity there is no need to spend extra money on range extenders, repeaters and external antennas. There is also no need to throw away your older wireless devices; the DG834PNB wireless modem router is compatible with 802.11b, 802.11g and SuperG products and will boost their range and speed. Coverage is maximized when the DG834PNB is used in conjunction with NETGEAR's RangeMax PC cards and adapters.RangeMax is an advanced Smart MIMO (Multi-in, Multi-Out) technology that uses seven internal antennas. The RangeMax DG834PNB wireless modem router constantly surveys your home or office environment for physical barriers and interference: The RangeMax wireless router adapts on the fly, adjusting the wireless signal to compensate for these performance blockers. For example; if you carry your laptop from the kitchen to the bedroom, RangeMax automatically senses the change and selects from a choice of numerous antenna configurations to deliver you the fastest, clearest connection! Everyone will enjoy consistently high-speed connections, everywhere in your house - no signal dropouts or wireless dead spots.NETGEAR ensures that every computer, laptop or console user connected to your wireless network can work and play safely. The DG834PNB RangeMax Wireless modem router comes with a double firewall, WEP (Wired Equivalent Privacy) encryption and WPA-PSK (Wi-Fi Protected Access, Pre-Shared Key) security. These security features add powerful safeguards against unauthorized usage.The DG834PNB is an easy to set-up, single box solution, it plugs straight into your ADSL line - there is no need for a separate modem. Once the DG834PNB modem router is connected, configuration is also easy, via NETGEAR's Smart Wizard. The Smart Wizard automatically detects your ISP's network settings, and then walks you through each step of the installation process.
D5134046	Since its beginning, Cherry Corporation has excelled at turning things on, setting things in motion, and getting things going. As a worldwide leader in the design, development and manufacture of automotive switches and modules, computer keyboards, switches and controls, the company continues to focus on providing advanced, technology-based solutions via an integrated network of resources.
D5136188	Logitech's Cordless 2.4 GHz Presenter lets you effectively manage your time during presentations with a built-in and programmable LCD timer. The automatic 5- and 2-minute vibration warnings will let you focus on your presentation, not on the clock. With 15 meters (50 feet) of cordless range, you can move around an auditorium with confidence. No software is required, just plug it in and it works. You'll enjoy extra features like "launch slideshow", "black screen", and volume control, plus an integrated laser pointer. The cordless mini-receiver stores inside device.
D5138571	TRENDnet stands on the cutting edge of technology. TRENDnet is committed to providing its customers with cost-effective and reliable networking solutions that bridge the gap between today and tomorrow.PRODUCT FEATURES:Additional heat insulation;Aluminum construction;External use;Flip open top;Cable Management ready.
D5138574	The Pan/Tilt IP Camera is a full-featured surveillance system that provides high quality video over a wireless network connection. Built-in CPU and Web Server allow the camera to function as a standalone device, allowing users to access the camera anywhere in the world by using a Web browser. Users can also move the camera remotely in almost any direction, scanning sensitive locations for unauthorized intrusion. The IP Camera comes with a CMOS sensor to deliver clear and crisp images, and its powerful IPView software gives users enhanced security options to archive streaming video straight to a computer's hard drive. IP View software can also monitor multiple cameras on a single screen, enable motion detection to trigger automatic recording, and send email alert notification.
D5138575	The Pan/Tilt IP Camera is a full-featured surveillance system that provides high quality video over a wireless network connection. Built-in CPU and Web Server allow the camera to function as a standalone device, allowing users to access the camera anywhere in the world by using a Web browser. Users can also move the camera remotely in almost any direction, scanning sensitive locations for unauthorized intrusion. The IP Camera comes with a CMOS sensor to deliver clear and crisp images, and its powerful IPView software gives users enhanced security options to archive streaming video straight to a computer's hard drive. IP View software can also monitor multiple cameras on a single screen, enable motion detection to trigger automatic recording, and send email alert notification.
D5151949	The Corsair Flash Voyager family of USB drives is rugged, stylish, compact, and reliable, making them ideal for transporting MP3s, digital images, presentations and more. Flash Voyager drives are fully Plug and Play with most operating systems and are backward compatible with USB 1.1. Their durable rubber casing is easy to grip and water resistant.The Flash Voyager product line is both enclosed in the Corsair proprietary all-rubber Flash Voyager housing. Boasting water-resistant properties, these drives allow users to carry more valuable data and applications without compromise. Several reviews of the Flash Voyager products have demonstrated the ruggedness, durability, and reliability of the Flash Voyager family. The Flash Voyager has been shown laundered, baked, frozen, boiled, dropped, and even run over by a SUV in many third party reviews. After all the punishment it receives, the drive continues to work.
D5156036	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5162003	The TNN 300 is the new addition to the TNN (Totally No Noise) series noiseless systems, renowned for its completely silent fanless cooling solutions that utilize Heatpipe technology and HSC (Heat Source Contact) Power Technology.Its small size, silence, and dust-free operation make it an ideal choice as a personal computer in offices, educational facilities, hotels, and bedrooms. The remote control and multimedia software also make it an ideal choice as a Home Theater Multimedia System in the living room.
D5166318	Experience the modern, white design keyboard with cable connection and expanded functionality. With the KeyM@n key, you can double-program the function keys with important Internet and multimedia functions. With the 4 "main keys" you control the selection of your audio/video program and regulate the volume of the sound card. Call up the Windows calculator, your Internet browser, and your e-mail program with the 4 "premium keys" with which you can also use the power management functions of your PC. In addition, the "advanced technology keyboard" offers a still-softer and more comfortable action, support by the new "multi-haptic technology" of this series.
D5166863	PRODUCT FEATURES:Corresponds to specification USB 2.0;Use one or two USB 1.1 / 2.0 devices with two or four PCs;Keyboard hot-key switching between the devices / PCs;Operating system support for Windows 98, ME, 2000, XP and MAC OS 9/10.x;No additional power supply required;Power supply via USB.
D5167229	The Logitech Media Keyboard makes your tasks easier and more enjoyable through inspired design. You'll work and play with smooth typing and amazing comfort. Music, Internet, and navigation controls are programmable and cleanly blended into the streamlined styling. Launch your home page, e-mail, or your onscreen calculator with one touch. Besides volume controls, a handy mute button lets you quickly silence audio to attend to tasks. Left-hand controls let you go back to the previous web page, or close an application with a touch. Easily programmable F-keys can be set to control frequent tasks. Spill-resistant design protects your keyboard against accidents.
D5168950	Kingston is the world's largest independent memory manufacturer. In today's performance-driven environment, memory upgrades provide an easy, economical alternative to increase system performance. Every memory product Kingston offers is designed to help you get maximum performance at the best price to you.This memory is designed for the following systems:Acer Aspire 1641, 1642, 1644Acer Aspire 1642ZAcer Aspire 1650, 1652, 1654Acer Aspire 1652ZAcer Aspire 1691, 1692, 1693, 1694Acer Aspire 3050, 3053Acer Aspire 3102, 3103Acer Aspire 3603, 3608Acer Aspire 3613, 3614, 3618Acer Aspire 3623Acer Aspire 3624Acer Aspire 3627 WXMiAcer Aspire 3641Acer Aspire 3651Acer Aspire 3680 SeriesAcer Aspire 3690, 3693, 3694, 3696Acer Aspire 4310 SeriesAcer Aspire 4710Z SeriesAcer Aspire 5050, 5051Acer Aspire 5101, 5102, 5103, 5105Acer Aspire 5112, 5113, 5114Acer Aspire 5310 SeriesAcer Aspire 5502, 5504Acer Aspire 5512, 5513, 5514Acer Aspire 5573ZAcer Aspire 7000 SeriesAcer Aspire 7103, 7104Acer Aspire 7111, 7112Acer Aspire 9402Acer Aspire 9502, 9503, 9504Acer Extensa 2600 SeriesAcer Extensa 4100 SeriesAcer Extensa 4214Acer Extensa 5200 SeriesAcer Extensa 5210 SeriesAcer Extensa 6702Acer TravelMate 2403Acer TravelMate 2413, 2418, 2419Acer TravelMate 2423, 2424, 2428Acer TravelMate 2441Acer TravelMate 2451Acer TravelMate 2482, 2483, 2484Acer TravelMate 2492Acer TravelMate 3002, 3004Acer TravelMate 3210, 3211, 3212Acer TravelMate 3222Acer TravelMate 3232Acer TravelMate 3302, 3304Acer TravelMate 4021Acer TravelMate 4061, 4062, 4064Acer TravelMate 4072Acer TravelMate 4082Acer TravelMate 4101, 4102Acer TravelMate 4150, 4151, 4152, 4154Acer TravelMate 4200, 4201Acer TravelMate 4220, 4222Acer TravelMate 4601, 4602, 4604Acer TravelMate 4651, 4652, 4654Acer TravelMate 5103, 5104Acer TravelMate 5113Acer TravelMate 5310 SeriesAcer TravelMate 5602Acer TravelMate 8101, 8103, 8104, 8106Acer TravelMate 202, 203, 204Acer TravelMate C311, C312, C313, C314
D5170646	WinTV-HVR-900 brings analog and digital terrestrial TV (DVB-T) to your PC or laptop! Watch, pause and record analog or DVB-T digital TV in a window or full screen using high quality MPEG-2. And use the WinTV Scheduler to record you favorite analog or digital TV shows. Play your TV recordings back to your screen any time.WinTV-HVR-900 is easy to install. Just plug it into your PC or laptops' USB 2.0 port and connect to any kind of TV reception (cable TV, antenna, etc.). Load the software from installation CD and you're ready to start watching analog or digital TV on your PC or laptop screen. WinTV-HVR-900 also includes a portable digital DVB-T antenna, so you can receive digital TV while you travel!Freeview DVB-T digital TV brings you sharper pictures and enriches your PC's multimedia experience with near CD quality sound. WinTV-HVR-900's digital TV receiver adds great features to your TV viewing: excellent digital video quality, automatic identification of channel names plus recording of digital TV channels to your PC's hard disk in an MPEG-2 format without losing quality.You're prepared for the future. If you live in an area where you can't currently receive Freeview digital TV, the WinTV-HVR-900 can still be used to watch and record analog TV from cable TV or a TV aerial. But you are prepared for the future! When digital TV comes to your area, WinTV-HVR-900 will also receive the new digital TV channels.Digital video recorder: Record your favorite analog or digital TV shows with one simple click. You can also use Hauppauge's WinTV Scheduler to schedule your TV recordings on a daily, weekly or once only schedule.
D5171508	The LMR200 Reverse SMA to N-Type Cable extends your wireless Antenna up to 2 meters to provide optimal placement for your antenna outdoors. Connect business networks from building to building wirelessly or provide wireless Internet access for hot spot applications! This cable makes wireless communication possible by providing low loss communication between your access point and antenna.
D5171509	The LMR200 Reverse SMA to N-Type Cable extends your wireless Antenna up to 8 meters to provide optimal placement for your antenna outdoors. Connect business networks from building to building wirelessly or provide wireless Internet access for hot spot applications! This cable makes wireless communication possible by providing low loss communication between your access point and antenna.
D5171510	The LMR400 N-Type Male to N-Type Female cable extends your wireless Antenna up to 6 meters to provide optimal placement for your antenna outdoors. Connect business networks from building to building wirelessly or provide wireless Internet access for hot spot applications! This cable makes wireless communication possible by providing low loss communication between your access point and antenna.
D5171512	The Outdoor Arrestor Kit provides lightning protection for your wireless equipment. By adding a simple arrestor to your wireless antenna, you can reduce the costs in damaged switches, access points, or other network devices. Simply connect the Outdoor Arrestor Kit directly inline between your Access Point and your outdoor antenna cable, and connect the ground wire to a ground pole.
D5171767	The SCX-4720FN office laser printer, fax, copier, color scanner is a powerful print, fax, copy and scan solution that features print and copy speeds up to 22 ppm/cpm (in Letter). USB 2.0 and IEEE-1284 parallel ports. Enhanced scanning resolution up to 4800 dpi. And the category's first USB Direct port for computer-free scanning and printing.
D5172239	Kingston is the world's largest independent manufacturer of memory products for desktop computers, notebooks, servers, workstations, laser printers, digital cameras and palm-top computers. Kingston offers a range of products and services needed to satisfy current and next-generation product demands.This memory is designed for the following systems:Nokia - 6230 Phone;Nokia - 6630 Smartphone;Nokia - 6670 Smartphone;Nokia - 6681 Smartphone;Nokia - 6682 Smartphone;Nokia - N80 Phone;Nokia - N92 Phone.
D5175712	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.This product is a Plain Pedestal for 2 cassettes configuration.
D5177557	NVIDIA offers the GeForce 6200 GPUs, featuring a revolutionary design that delivers best-in-class performance on today's hottest games and applications. The GeForce 6200 powers the latest effects without compromising performance.
D5181140	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D5184278	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:Detachable front panel design;Fits standard ATX motherboard;Dual 120mm front and rear fan;Tool-free for easy installation;Dual USB2.0, Audio and speaker ports.
D5184628	Since its beginning, Cherry Corporation has excelled at turning things on, setting things in motion, and getting things going. As a worldwide leader in the design, development and manufacture of automotive switches and modules, computer keyboards, switches and controls, the company continues to focus on providing advanced, technology-based solutions via an integrated network of resources.PRODUCT FEATURES:Optical sensor for precise movement of the mouse pointer;PC- and MAC-compatible due to USB interface;Precise performance with 800 dpi resolution;Easy scrolling with the PowerWheel;Elegant design, ideally suited for right- and left-handed users;Connection and disconnection during operation with USB connector;Adapter for PS/2 interface.
D5199542	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:MSN chatpack including webcam and headset with microphone for chatting and video conferencing;Also suitable to make free phone calls via internet with a 'Voice-over-IP' application such as Skype;Complete, easy to install package to see and hear each other online;Stereo headset with 'behind-the-head' headband and single sided cable;USB webcam with snapshot button and 352 x 288 resolution (100k);The camera stand can also be used as a clamp to attach the webcam to an LCD screen;Compatible with MSN Messenger, Yahoo Messenger and other messenger services.
D5201035	This device allows to remove the reader part from mounting part and to use it for both external reading and writing. The carrier of the reader is rejected with soft pushing on the button and can be comfortably wear in a pocket. A short USB cable is attached on the rear side and it can be connected with every PC. No extra power supply needed. Card reader works with Windows and Mac's operating systems. The USB-connector between card reader and mounting part make it possible to place it in every PC independent of motherboard or USB adapter.
D5203757	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5204034	RaidSonic's target is to develop innovative products, which enrich and perfect the use of mass storage in a functional, aesthetic and high quality way. By the consequent use of high class components and materials, RaidSonic has positioned its products in the upper level market segment.PRODUCT FEATURES:SATA to SATA Interface;Plug & Play and Hot Swap;2x Power connector (4pin & 15pin);Compact form 188mm deep;Metal/aluminum/plastic mix material;Front cooling fan;Blue Eye-design, LED for power on and HDD access.
D5204035	RaidSonic's target is to develop innovative products, which enrich and perfect the use of mass storage in a functional, aesthetic and high quality way. By the consequent use of high class components and materials, RaidSonic has positioned its products in the upper level market segment.
D5206829	Equipped with a brand new design and the latest components, the Strider ST56F is the first SilverStone power supply to boost overall working efficiency of greater than 80%. Thanks to this high efficiency, the ST56F produces less wasted heat than typical power supplies and allows the included 120mm fan to operate at very low speeds, ensuring quietness at all times. This high output and efficiency are packed inside a simple yet stylish interior with compact dimensions for compatibility with nearly any ATX casing on the market. If high wattage power for dual core/dual video card processing and quietness are a priority, the Strider ST56F is the power supply for you.
D5226758	The LC04 was created as the ultimate small HTPC case with capacity to accommodate both full ATX motherboard and a 5.25" drive. In addition to its all aluminum construction, the LC04 also has a mirror-like front panel plate with stealth front door to maintain a streamlined look that is in a class all by itself.
D5226760	Silverstone's mission is to be the number one in the areas of quality, service, innovation and cost efficiency. Silverstone commits itself to the morality of uprightness, dexterity, truthfulness and assiduity.PRODUCT FEATURES:Vibration dampening pads included;Low acoustic thermal solution;Ultra maglev oil protection bearing system;92mm fan blades in 80mm frame.
D5227320	Lots to do, not much space? That's where Cherry's G80-11900 19-inch compact keyboard comes into its own - particularly where there's no room for a mouse. A high-quality integrated touchpad takes on all the mouse functions.
D5236129	Neckstrap style headphones with convenient quick release mechanism. Extended soft rubber caps channel sound directly to the ears for enhanced sound pleasure, while the ultra soft neck strap is ideal for carrying all compact audio players.
D5236145	The ideal replacement for broken or lost Philips TV remote controls produced after 1980 (RC5 and 6).PRODUCT FEATURES:Ideal replacement for your old remote;Ideal replacement for broken Philips TV remote controls;Also controls the basic functions of Philips VCR and DVD;Shift key gives access to secondary functions of keys;Fast menu access to functions like set up and text TV.
D5241421	Designed and manufactured to enterprise-class standards to provide enterprise reliability in high duty cycle environments. With 1.2 million hours MTBF, WD Raptor drives have the highest available reliability rating on a high capacity drive. With a next-generation SATA interface, 1.5 Gb/s data transfer rate, native command queuing (NCQ), and 16 MB cache, these drives deliver optimum performance. RAID-specific, time-limited error recovery (TLER), a feature unique to WD, prevents drive fallout caused by the extended hard drive error-recovery processes common to desktop drives. Rotary Acceleration Feed Forward (RAFF) optimizes operation and performance when the drives are used in vibration-prone, multidrive systems such as rack-mounted servers or network storage. WD Raptor features FlexPower connector technology that accepts power from either industry standard or new SATA power supplies.
D5256979	With this mini USB audio card you can easily add sound to your computer or notebook and connect speakers and microphone or even a headset for VoiceOverIP Internet telephone calls.
D5272200	The 802.11g Wireless & 512MB Flash Memory Combo USB Adapter with HotSpot Detector incorporates a Wi-Fi Detector, a wireless adapter, and a USB flash drive into an all-in-one mobile solution. Scan nearby hotspots and view site survey information with the built-in LCD. Store files such as business presentations, family photos, or other important documents.
D5275429	At last - laser precision for lefties only. The MX610 Left-Hand Laser Cordless Mouse lets left-handed users enjoy the comfort and control of an advanced laser mouse - without compromising their natural work style.
D5276537	Enjoy smooth optical performance from the #1 best-selling mouse, now with High Definition technology. Work easily on the go, then simply snap in the receiver to automatically turn off the mouse, saving hassle and battery life.
D5276542	Microsoft IntelliMouse Optical is one of Microsoft's best-selling optical mice, featuring a versatile ambidextrous design and supercharged with Microsoft's new proprietary IntelliEye optical technology - the most powerful in the world.IntelliMouse Optical features silver detailing, Microsoft's signature glowing red underside and taillight, and ergonomic enhancements to provide comfort for left- and right-handed users.Microsoft's IntelliEye optical technology marks a major milestone in the optical mouse category, taking mousing to the next level and giving IntelliMouse Optical unprecedented performance, accuracy and control.
D5276548	Work in comfort at home and on the go with this mouse scaled for travel. Microsoft Optical Technology and a convenient scroll wheel ensure smooth performance, and you can use either hand.
D5276549	Navigate quickly and easily with the convenient scroll wheel and work on virtually any surface. Get one-click access to frequently-used features with customizable buttons.Navigate with better speed, accuracy and reliability - the optical sensor tracks movement on nearly any surface without the hassle of clogged mouse parts.Use your mouse with your left or right hand - ambidextrous design makes it comfortable either way.
D5279210	Experience the precision and performance of optical technology with the Logitech Optical Wheel Mouse USB, now available in black to coordinate with current PC case colors. It features a scroll wheel that also functions as a third mouse button. Its simple and elegant design appeal to both right and left handed users due to its ambidextrous shape.
D5279212	This Ultra-Flat Keyboard is designed to complement today's flat screen monitors and stylish PCs. It has a thin, ultra-low profile that incorporates flat full-size keys, including a number pad, in a compact, space-saving layout. You can enhance your workspace and style, without sacrificing comfort. Setup is completely intuitive. You also get audio or video playback controls that let you enjoy your media selections more conveniently. Two programmable controls let you launch your Internet home page or your e-mail program with one touch.
D5284030	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D5285682	The 54Mbps 802.11g Wireless USB 2.0 & Bluetooth Combo Adapter simultaneously provides Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connections, allowing you to concurrently link to Wi-Fi Internet hotspots and Bluetooth devices. Experience the power of downloading ring tones, iTunes, or digital pictures from a wireless Internet connection and transfer the same files seamlessly into your Bluetooth enabled phone. The external antenna can be adjusted easily to improve signal strength gain and transmission.
D5285683	The 2-Port PS/2 KVM Switch lets you manage two PC's with just one set of keyboard, monitor, and mouse. Switch between two PC's with a simple press of a button! Separate sets of KVM cables are included with the KVM Switch, so users can start controlling 2 PC's instantly. The KVM cables also provide power to the KVM Switch, eliminating the need for a power adapter. Hot Key operations provide immediate access to features such as computer switching, and auto-scanning. With its Hot-Plug and Audible Feedback, the 2-Port PS/2 KVM Switch is the perfect choice for managing multiple PC's.
D5294274	BestMedia is one of the renowned European manufacturers of label and media products. BestMedia's most ambitious goal is the complete satisfaction of the customer. BestMedia reacts to today's request by offering an optimal service for your entire needs. Its quality assurance guarantees the highest standards.
D5294275	Marketing description is not available.
D5294276	Marketing description is not available.
D5306164	The low speed 92 mm fan reduces the noise level to a minimum. The patented fan holder is able to practically eliminate the typical buzzing sound of 92 mm fans.
D5306509	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.
D5306544	CHIEFTEC's newest chassis combines multiple customer preferences and the consequent future trend of CHIEFTEC typical innovations. Barely no other Miditower chassis is able to take up ATX- and EATX size mainboards, six HDD's and five optional fans.
D5306546	This ATX Desktop is extremely durable owing to the structural steelwork and serves perfectly for example, as a space-saving "Designer" foot for your Flat screen/Plasma TV. Thanks to the implementation of the standardized width of 430mm, this HTPC chassis is completely integrable into your HiFi system. Simply a Maestro!
D5308468	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5308469	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5308470	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5308471	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5308472	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5308473	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5308474	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5308475	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5308476	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5308486	The Laser Shot LBP3460 offers a highly productive print speed of 33 pages per minute. Perfect for high volume printing and heavy-duty use, it delivers professional laser output for all your documents. Canon's On-demand fixing technology virtually eliminates warm-up time and waiting. The first print comes out in just 8 seconds or less.PCL 5e/6 support provides maximum compatibility to make this printer ideal for use in existing PCL printing environments. Canon's own high performance UFR II printer language is also supported.Share printer resources for maximum productivity with standard built-in 100BASE-TX/10BASE-T networking. It's simple to set up, use and control from every connected PC. The USB 2.0 Hi-Speed interface speeds up image processing between PCs and the printer.A standard built-in duplex unit provides automatic double-sided printing at a touch. Make your reports look more professional and save on paper costs at the same time.The 600 x 600 dpi print resolution delivers professional laser quality output. This is enhanced right up to the equivalent of 2400 x 600 dpi using Canon's Automatic Image Refinement technology. Get clear, sharp prints for all your work whether text, photos or graphics.Simply replace Canon's All-in-One cartridge containing toner and all essential parts and your printer is as good as new. There's no mess or maintenance worries - just continuous high quality output. A higher yield toner cartridge is also available which allows you to print well over double the amount of pages.The Laser Shot LBP3460 comes complete with a 250-sheet cassette plus a 100-sheet multi-purpose tray - with printing on a wide range of paper formats to meet all your needs. An optional 500-page cassette is available for high volume, heavy-duty printing.This stylish, robust and space-saving printer is designed for full frontal operation. Easy to place in the tightest spaces it enables hassle-free cartridge and paper replacement from the front.
D5313007	Cutting edge design and cleverly crafted key design & key layout offering pure comfort.
D5316474	The FAX-L380S features Department ID security settings that allow administrators to monitor and track fax activity and prevent misuse. With a super G3 modem, and large memory and paper capacity, the FAX-L380S is ideal for busy companies that need an interdepartmental fax that can also print and copy.The FAX-L380S features Department ID functionality. This security feature allows the user to create up to 100 IDs and passwords, and means that the fax may only be operated after the correct password has been entered. By creating a number of department settings, users are also able to monitor fax, print and copy totals - which will assist office management and accounting. Setting department IDs can also restrict sending and copying operations.The FAX-L380S can store 250 pages. The FAX-L380S utilizes an all-in-one cartridge that yields approximately 3500 prints - even more when Toner Save mode is used. It allows storage of up to 31 one touch dials. The FAX-L380S saves 100 coded dials.The Super G3 modem in the FAX-L380S transmits at 3 seconds per page thereby reducing the cost of transmission and allowing receipt of a number of faxes simultaneously. The 510 page fax memory means that the printer will save and store documents if they are received when the fax has run out of paper or toner, and the office is unattended. Large faxes may also be scanned into the fax memory and sent at a later time.As well as transmitting at 3 seconds per page, the FAX-L380S scans A4 pages at 2 seconds per page, and prints received documents at 18 pages per minute. It also prints at this speed when being used as a laser printer - further saving the user valuable time. Prints are generated at 600 x 600 dpi, with UHQ (Ultra High Quality) image processing that delivers 256 gray scales.
D5316475	With a super G3 modem, and large memory and paper capacity, the FAX-L390 is ideal for busy companies that need an interdepartmental fax that can also print and copy.The FAX-L390 features Department ID functionality. This security feature allows the user to create up to 100 IDs and passwords, and means that the fax may only be operated after the correct password has been entered. By creating a number of department settings, users are also able to monitor fax, print and copy totals - which will assist office management and accounting. Setting department IDs can also restrict sending and copying operations.The FAX-L390 can hold 500 sheets, which means that less time is spent refilling the device. The FAX-L390 utilizes an all-in-one cartridge that yields approximately 3500 prints - even more when Toner Save mode is used.The Super G3 modem transmits at 3 seconds per page thereby reducing the cost of transmission and allowing receipt of a number of faxes simultaneously. The 510 page fax memory means that the printer will save and store documents if they are received when the fax has run out of paper or toner, and the office is unattended. Large faxes may also be scanned into the fax memory and sent at a later time.As well as transmitting at 3 seconds per page, the FAX-L390 scans A4 pages at 2 seconds per page, and prints received documents at 18 pages per minute. It also prints at this speed when being used as a laser printer - further saving the user valuable time.
D5316476	The MF8180C is the first Color All-in-One in Canon's Laser Base range, combining a color laser printer, color laser copier, color scanner and high speed fax in one robust and durable unit. Color prints are generated at 2400 x 600 dpi enhanced quality, with Cyan, Magenta, Yellow and Black toner cartridges, and a single drum cartridge for printing, copying and fax printing.In conventional printers, the fixing roller is coated with oil to ensure that paper does not adhere to it during fixing processes. Canon uses its originally developed S Toner, comprised of perfectly spherical microparticles, in the MF8180C. S Toner incorporates wax at the core of each toner particle. With S Toner, oil-less fixing becomes possible because this wax is released and spreads out during fixing. The result is output images without the glossiness associated with conventional tonersColor toner cartridges and the drum cartridge are easily replaced. Changing the drum cartridge replaces the unit's core elements, making it almost as good as new.The MF8180C has print speeds to cope with the demands of any busy office or work unit. Mono prints and copies are generated at 19ppm, and color at 4ppm. Canon's Color On-Demand Fixing Technology instantly fuses the toner onto the paper thereby eliminating the warm-up time from standby mode, and considerably speeding up the time it takes to generate the first print or copy.When copying, scanning and faxing multiple page documents, the MF8180C's Automatic Document Feeder, with a 50 page capacity, means that large documents do not have to be split for processing. The device has a large 250 sheet cassette, and a 125 page Multi-Purpose tray. Utilizing the Multi-Purpose tray for papers of other types and sizes ensures that normal paper supply is not disturbed, allowing greater efficiency in operation.With a Built-in network interface, the MF8180C can be directly connected to an Ethernet network to act as a shared printer. Connected users can also send faxes electronically from their PCs. Additionally, users and administrators can use the Remote User Interface to monitor the MF8180C via a browser window. Administrators can use the interface to alter and set the machine settings from a central point.When faxing, the MF8180C uses a Super G3 modem to transmit at 33.6kbs, and can store 256 pages into its memory. There are 18 one-touch and 100 coded speed dials.The MF8180C's inbuilt scanner uses a CCD sensor to easily capture the details of books, magazines and even three-dimensional objects placed on the glass. It utilizes 1200 x 2400 dpi optical resolution, with enhanced resolution up to 9600 x 9600 dpi to achieve superb results, which are rapidly transferred to PC via the High Speed USB 2.0 interface.
D5316845	KeySonic's products bring you close with important data to the Internet and make it possible for you working in the digital world more effectively, playing and communicating.
D5317363	The DCP-8060 is the ideal digital copier for your home office or small/medium business but also much more, since it also offers professional quality laser printing and color scanning. Copying is versatile with its 50-page auto document feeder and legal-size document glass and its 50-sheet multi-purpose tray is convenient for printing envelopes, letterhead, transparencies or various types of card stock, too!
D5317403	The Back-UPS ES offers affordable battery backup and surge protection for home computers. With enough power outlets to protect your entire system, built-in phone/fax/modem line (DSL compatible) protection and easy-to-install safe system shutdown software all make this power protection solution the best value for home and home office computers.
D5317410	The Back-UPS ES offers affordable battery backup and surge protection for home computers. With enough power outlets to protect your entire system, built-in phone/fax/modem line (DSL compatible) protection and easy-to-install safe system shutdown software all make this power protection solution the best value for home and home office computers.
D5317429	APC Smart-UPS RT is a family of high-density, performance UPSs for voice and data networks, medical labs, and light industrial applications. 6U form factor allows standardization across multiple applications. High power internal chargers allow virtually unlimited additional matching battery packs to comply with aggressive runtime demands of business-critical systems. Customers with harsh power environments looking for extremely tight voltage and frequency regulation, internal bypass, and input power factor correction typical of double conversion online topology will get them in the Smart-UPS RT.
D5319014	Silverstone's mission is to be the number one in the areas of quality, service, innovation and cost efficiency. Silverstone commits itself to the morality of uprightness, dexterity, truthfulness and assiduity.PRODUCT FEATURES:Custom tailored for LC11 and LC11M;Compatible with cards up to PCI Express X16;Mounting holes for assembly with LC11 PCI riser card.
D5322345	UMAX is a technology leader in the design and distribution of a full line of imaging and computer products. UMAX received recognition from major publications such as PC World, PC Magazine, Macworld, MacWeek, and others for nearly all of its products.
D5333620	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.PRODUCT FEATURES:Ultra-thin (0.5 mm) mouse pad for use with optical mouse;Unique spherical projections ensure precise mouse tracking;Non-slip;Made from recyclable PET polymers.
D5333622	Higt Definition Mouse Pad is a mouse pad in 100% silicon that enables positioning of the pointer exactly where you want it. The reverse side fits the desk to offer outstanding non-slip stability. Unique square dots on the surface provide an ideal degree of grip to reduce unwanted movement. 1.8 mm thick.
D5333626	Elecon Zero Shock digital camera cases deliver effective protection against impacts and external pressure. Low-resilience polyurethane provides excellent shock energy absorbing performance because it has extraordinarily low rebound (slow to compress and slow to reform) compared to normal polyurethane foam. In addition, due to the built-in metal wire frame, contents are protected from all angles against impacts and even twists.
D5337462	With a rich history in building full-size all aluminum tower cases dating back to 1999, SilverStone talented R&D team created yet another benchmark in a class it created. The TJ07 is a culmination of years of experience as it fuses the latest in manufacturing process, thermal concept, ergonomic design, and attractive aesthetics.The main structure for the TJ07 is crafted from a solid extruded aluminum panel measuring more than 164cm (5.3 feet) in length and 4mm to 8mm in thickness. Using a process never before seen in PC cases, the panel was then arched precisely on two sides with automotive-caliber press machines to create the top, front, and bottom sides of the chassis. The end result is an aluminum chassis frame with more than twice the structural rigidity over average steel cases, helping to practically eliminate vibration-induced noise. Thanks to this process, SilverStone engineers was freed to place more large fans at strategic positions to significantly improve cooling while keeping noise to a minimum.A new ergonomic layout was also designed with experiences learned from previous Temjin cases so installation is incredibly simple without any obstructions for users of all levels and components. For advanced enthusiasts, the TJ07 simplistic approach with minimal use of rivets will also prove to be a delight because it provides plenty of easily accessible spaces for additional equipments or modifications. To complement the excellent functionality, SilverStone designers added subtle details in surface finish and structural tweaks learned from building home theater PC cases to enhance the look of the already powerful one piece frame. The TJ07 is truly as impressive to see in person as it appears on paper, the way a flagship tower case should be.
D5337463	With a rich history in building full-size all aluminum tower cases dating back to 1999, SilverStone talented R&D team created yet another benchmark in a class it created. The TJ07 is a culmination of years of experience as it fuses the latest in manufacturing process, thermal concept, ergonomic design, and attractive aesthetics.The main structure for the TJ07 is crafted from a solid extruded aluminum panel measuring more than 164cm (5.3 feet) in length and 4mm to 8mm in thickness. Using a process never before seen in PC cases, the panel was then arched precisely on two sides with automotive-caliber press machines to create the top, front, and bottom sides of the chassis. The end result is an aluminum chassis frame with more than twice the structural rigidity over average steel cases, helping to practically eliminate vibration-induced noise. Thanks to this process, SilverStone engineers was freed to place more large fans at strategic positions to significantly improve cooling while keeping noise to a minimum.A new ergonomic layout was also designed with experiences learned from previous Temjin cases so installation is incredibly simple without any obstructions for users of all levels and components. For advanced enthusiasts, the TJ07 simplistic approach with minimal use of rivets will also prove to be a delight because it provides plenty of easily accessible spaces for additional equipments or modifications. To complement the excellent functionality, SilverStone designers added subtle details in surface finish and structural tweaks learned from building home theater PC cases to enhance the look of the already powerful one piece frame. The TJ07 is truly as impressive to see in person as it appears on paper, the way a flagship tower case should be.
D5353588	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5353596	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5353827	Experience the superior precision of high-performance laser! Delivering extraordinary control on virtually any surface, Logitech laser technology makes optical obsolete. The MX400 is ready to use in seconds.PRODUCT FEATURES:Move flawlessly on surfaces where optical mice can't go. Performance Laser Tracking provides state-of-the-art laser technology for unmatched precision and control;Experience the unique comfort grip. With gently contoured sides and soft rubber grips; the MX400 is designed for enhanced support and comfort;View digital photos and spreadsheets. Instantly zoom in and out, scroll horizontally or vertically with the Tilt Wheel plus Zoom;Speed-browse on the web and navigate more easily with the MX400's universal Forward/Back buttons;Just plug and play! The MX400 is extremely simple to install; simply connect the mouse to the USB or PS/2 port and it's ready to use.
D5354136	Since its beginning, Cherry Corporation has excelled at turning things on, setting things in motion, and getting things going. As a worldwide leader in the design, development and manufacture of automotive switches and modules, computer keyboards, switches and controls, the company continues to focus on providing advanced, technology-based solutions via an integrated network of resources.PRODUCT FEATURES:Optical sensor for precise movement of the mouse pointer;PC- and MAC-compatible due to USB interface;Precise performance with 800 dpi resolution;Easy scrolling with the PowerWheel;Elegant design, ideally suited for right- and left-handed users;Connection and disconnection during operation with USB connector;Adapter for PS/2 interface.
D5354255	The TRENDnet EL-HS800 provides the perfect solution to transform regular PTZ (Pan/Tilt/Zoom) cameras into outdoor surveillance systems. Made from steel and designed for high level of protection (IP66), the EL-HS800 completely shields cameras from dust, water and snow. It also comes complete with an adjustable fully-cable-managed mounting bracket, protecting camera wiring from the weather.
D5355699	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5356194	APC Smart-UPS SC is ideal for small and medium businesses looking to protect entry-level servers and networking equipment from power disturbances and outages. The Smart-UPS SC features network grade runtime, hot swap batteries, and built-in data line protection for worry free uninterruptible power protection for increased availability. The included PowerChute Business Edition software, which has an installed base in the millions, gives entry-level network and server users a proven UPS management solution. PowerChute Business Edition also manages other Smart-UPS models, allowing easy upgrades as applications change, without having to replace software or retrain administrators. Most Smart-UPS SC models can be installed in either a tower or rack configuration, allowing standardization across multiple applications. Built on the same standards as the award-winning Smart-UPS, with over 10 million installed, Smart-UPS SC provides the basic features and manageability needed to protect entry-level applications.
D5361347	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5361348	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5364347	The robust and reliable LaserBase MF6530 handles your business needs fast, easily and efficiently. Increase workgroup productivity with laser printing, copying and color scanning in one compact unit. Cut investment costs considerably and save on office space.Print and copy at 22 pages per minute with high quality laser output. A 1200 x 600 dpi enhanced print resolution delivers perfect results for both text and graphics. Start printing straight away as there is virtually no warm-up time with Canon's On-Demand fixing technology.Time saving features enhance ease of use and productivity. The 50-page Duplex Automatic Document Feeder speeds up double-sided printing and copying without the need to split up lengthy documents. A standard 500-sheet paper cassette and 100-sheet multi purpose tray meets your paper demands adequately.Scan color documents and photos directly to a PDF format or email. A 600 x 600 dpi optical scanning resolution with up to 9600 x 9600 dpi enhanced resolution ensures maximum detail. The USB2.0 Hi-Speed interface speeds up image transmission between your multifunctional and PC.Simply replace the All-in-One cartridge, containing toner and all essential parts, and your LaserBase MF6530 is as good as new. Switch cartridges in seconds and benefit from continuous high quality output.
D5364348	This compact and complete multifunctional handle your workgroup business needs fast and efficiently. Benefit from productive and professional laser printing, faxing, copying and color scanning. Cut investment costs considerably and save on office space.Print and copy at 22 pages per minute with high quality laser output. A 1200 x 600 dpi enhanced print resolution delivers perfect results for both text and graphics. Start printing straight away as there is virtually no warm-up time with Canon's On-Demand fixing technology.The Super G3 fax modem sends faxes at a fast 3 seconds per page to cut your communication costs. A 256-page fax memory stores incoming faxes safely if paper or toner runs out. Canon's Ultra High Quality technology ensures that all details come out clearly when sending a combination of diagrams, photos and text.Time saving features enhance ease of use and productivity. The 50-page Duplex Automatic Document Feeder speeds up double-sided printing and copying. Even fax lengthy documents without the need to split them up first. A standard 500-sheet paper cassette and 100-sheet multi purpose tray meets your paper demands adequately.Scan color documents and photos directly to a PDF format or email. A 600 x 600 dpi optical scanning resolution with up to 9600 x 9600 dpi enhanced resolution ensures maximum detail. The USB2.0 Hi-Speed interface speeds up image transmission between your multifunctional and PC.Simply replace the All-in-One cartridge, containing toner and all essential parts, and your LaserBase MF6550 is as good as new. Switch cartridges in seconds and benefit from continuous high quality output.
D5364349	Handle your workgroup business needs fast and efficiently with this robust and reliable multifunctional. Get productive laser printing, copying and color scanning in one compact unit. Cut investment costs considerably and save on office space.Print and copy at 22 pages per minute with high quality laser output. A 1200 x 600 dpi enhanced print resolution delivers perfect results for both text and graphics. Start printing straight away as there is virtually no warm-up time with Canon's On-Demand fixing technology.The MF6540PL features PCL5e and PCL6 compatibility in addition to Canon's printer language UFR-II LT. This ensures seamless and hassle-free working in your existing network environment.Time saving features enhance ease of use and productivity. The 50-page Duplex Automatic Document Feeder speeds up double-sided printing and copying without the need to split up lengthy documents. A standard 500-sheet paper cassette and 100-sheet multi purpose tray meets your paper demands adequately.Scan color documents and photos directly to a PDF format or email. A 600 x 600 dpi optical scanning resolution with up to 9600x9600dpi enhanced resolution ensures maximum detail. The USB2.0 Hi-Speed interface speeds up image transmission between your multifunctional and PC.Simply replace the All-in-One cartridge, containing toner and all essential parts, and your LaserBase MF6540PL is as good as new. Switch cartridges in seconds and benefit from continuous high quality output.
D5364350	This compact and robust All-in-One handle all your workgroup business needs fast and efficiently. Benefit from productive laser printing, faxing, copying and color scanning. Cut investment costs considerably and save on office space.Print and copy at 22 pages per minute with high quality laser output. A 1200 x 600 dpi enhanced print resolution delivers perfect results for both text and graphics. Start printing straight away as there is virtually no warm-up time with Canon's On-Demand fixing technology.The Super G3 fax modem sends faxes at a fast 3 seconds per page to cut your communication costs. A 1280-page fax memory stores incoming faxes safely if paper or toner runs out. Canon's Ultra High Quality technology ensures that all details come out clearly when sending a combination of diagrams, photos and text.The MF6560PL features PCL5e and PCL6 compatibility in addition to Canon's printer language UFR-II LT. This ensures seamless and hassle-free working in your existing network environment.Time saving features enhance ease of use and productivity. The 50-page Duplex Automatic Document Feeder speeds up double-sided printing and copying. Even fax lengthy documents without the need to split them up first. A standard 500-sheet paper cassette and 100-sheet multi purpose tray meets your paper demands adequately.Scan color documents and photos directly to a PDF format or email. A 600 x 600 dpi optical scanning resolution with up to 9600 x 9600 dpi enhanced resolution ensures maximum detail. The USB2.0 Hi-Speed interface speeds up image transmission between your multifunctional and PC.Simply replace the All-in-One cartridge, containing toner and all essential parts, and your LaserBase MF6560PL is as good as new. Switch cartridges in seconds and benefit from continuous high quality output.
D5364351	Let one compact and robust unit handle all your workgroup business needs fast and efficiently. Benefit from productive laser printing, faxing, copying and color scanning. Share printing resources with built-in networking, direct from all connected PCs. Cut investment costs considerably and save on office space.Print and copy at 22 pages per minute with high quality laser output. A 1200 x 600 dpi enhanced print resolution delivers perfect results for both text and graphics. Start printing straight away as there is virtually no warm-up time with Canon's On-Demand fixing technology.The LaserBase MP6580PL features PCL5e and PCL6 compatibility in addition to Canon's printer language UFR-II LT. This ensures seamless and hassle-free working in your existing network environment.The Super G3 fax modem sends faxes at a fast 3 seconds per page to cut your communication costs. A 1280-page fax memory stores incoming faxes safely if paper or toner runs out. Canon's Ultra High Quality technology ensures that all details come out clearly when sending a combination of diagrams, photos and text.Timesaving features enhance ease of use and productivity. The 50-page Duplex Automatic Document Feeder speeds up double-sided printing and copying. Even fax lengthy documents without the need to split them up first. A standard 500-sheet paper cassette and 100-sheet multi purpose tray meets your paper demands adequately.Scan color documents and photos directly to a PDF format. A 600 x 600 dpi optical scanning resolution with up to 9600 x 9600 dpi enhanced resolution ensures maximum detail. The USB2.0 Hi-Speed interface speeds up image transmission between your multifunctional and PC.Simply replace the All-in-One cartridge, containing toner and all essential parts, and your LaserBase MF6580PL is as good as new. Switch cartridges in seconds and benefit from continuous high quality output.
D5374010	Designed for current generation notebooks and mini-PCs, Corsair's new high density SODIMMs allow users to maximize memory bandwidth and minimize performance bottleneck to deliver superior user experience. The Corsair ValueSelect SODIMMs are optimized for the Microsoft Windows Vista client operating system.
D5374011	Corsair Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices. The Value Select line is qualified for major current desktop systems.
D5374557	The 2-Port PS/2 Audio KVM Switch lets you control multimedia PCs with just one keyboard, monitor, mouse, microphone, and a set of speakers. The KVM switch not only allows you to share your monitor, keyboard and mouse but you can also share microphone and speakers. With just a simple press of a button, this KVM switch eliminates the hassle of cable swapping and switching between 2 PCs. With its Hot-Plug, Auto-Scan and Hot-Key operating features, the TK-208K is the perfect choice for managing 2 PCs.
D5374559	TEW-AI75O Omni Antenna provides more power and greater range for your wireless network. As an optional antenna for your IEEE 802.11b/g 2.4GHz or 802.11a 5GHz wireless network equipment, TEW-AI75O will significantly improve signal strength and quality. TEW-AI75O will work with any brand of devices with reverse SMA male connector!
D5374563	The 8-port 10/100Mbps Layer 2 Managed Switch provides exceptional performance, ease of use and flexibility for expanding business networks with fiber connection. Utilizing a robust 3.8Gbps backplane, your managed switch can easily accommodate multiple switches and relieve server congestion by using its built-in fiber port. Advanced management features include SNMP, VLAN, IGMP, and Port security.
D5380351	Barracuda 7200.9 is a member of the Seagate 3.5-inch family of high-capacity desktop drives targeted at mainstream and high-performance PCs and advanced storage applications. The product enables OEMs and system builders to qualify one family of drives from a premier provider for a wide range of storage applications.
D5384653	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D5385598	A4tech's innovative A4 design team have created the slimmest profile in today's keyboard market.
D5385601	Wireless Optical Technology delivers high resolution with pinpoint accuracy. Enjoy the freedom to go Wireless without any tangling wires. Enjoy a clean and organized computing environment.
D5385609	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5388282	Marketing description is not available.
D5392729	This advanced A3+ printer provides high speed, high-quality output for your documents and graphics. Even print A3+ size borderless photos direct from digital cameras, with long-lasting beautiful prints.An impressive A4 print speed of up to 25ppm in mono and 17ppm in color delivers professional productivity. Print on a range of sizes right up to A3+ and profit from rapid output for all your work.Get an A3+ photo lab quality print in approximately 166 seconds in Standard mode. See your favorite photos in a big, beautiful format. Or enjoy fast borderless photo printing on a variety of different sizes.Canon's FINE technology with 2pl ink droplets delivers a 4800 x 1200 dpi print resolution. The end result is detailed color output for photos and everything else you print.For anyone who needs professional, high quality prints, this printer delivers sharp and crisp black text with rich and vibrant color graphics. Ideal for documents, spreadsheets, reports, web pages and photos too!Print photos directly from all PictBridge compatible digital cameras and camcorders. No PC is needed. Enjoy excellent results just moments after your photos are taken.The transparent Single Ink system ensures economical operation and minimizes ink wastage.
D5393122	Retaining the impressive optical performance and large aperture of the original EF 85mm f/1.2L USM, this innovative medium telephoto lens uses a Ring-type USM, high-speed CPU and optimized algorithms to achieve an autofocus speed approximately 1.8x faster than the original. The high-speed AF and circular aperture create a shallow depth-of-field that brings attention to the subject and blurs the background, which is ideal for portraits and weddings. The floating optical system, which includes an aspherical lens element, suppresses aberrations and ensures excellent imaging performance.
D5393124	To meet user demands for a fast EF-S zoom lens, Canon has specially designed a lens with a large aperture of f/2.8 for select Canon Digital SLR cameras. The large circular aperture produces a shallow depth-of-field, creating background blur that draws attention to the photographic subject. The lens construction includes UD and aspherical elements, which deliver impressive image quality throughout the entire zoom range. Image Stabilizer lens groups shift to compensate for camera movement so that the image appears steady on the image plane, ensuring clear, crisp images, even in dim light. With a Ring-type USM, inner focusing and innovative AF algorithms, this lens achieves autofocus quickly and quietly, and with full-time mechanical manual focusing, manually adjusting the focus is possible even in AF mode.
D5393125	This dedicated battery charger kit includes both a charger unit and four rechargeable AA-size NiMH (nickel metal hydride) batteries. This solution is convenient when taking or playing back large numbers of images.
D5393126	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5393128	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5396236	The Targus Ultra Mini 5-Button Optical Mouse is one of the smallest mice on the market to incorporate five navigational buttons on its tiny exterior. Two buttons on the top of the mouse are preprogrammed for easy forward-page/back-page navigation through the Internet while the retractable cord and slim design allow for travel convenience. This stylish, convenient mouse also uses the latest optical technology for precision and accuracy in response to mouse movements. Both compact and lightweight, the Targus Ultra Mini 5-Button Optical Mouse is the perfect accessory for the mobile user who is tight on space.
D5399057	RaidSonic's target is to develop innovative products, which enrich and perfect the use of mass storage in a functional, aesthetic and high quality way. By the consequent use of high class components and materials, RaidSonic has positioned its products in the upper level market segment.PRODUCT FEATURES:S-ATA Mobile Rack;SATA to SATA Interface;Plug & Play and Hot Swap;2x Power connector (4pin & 15pin);Compact form 188mm deep;Metal/aluminum/plastic mix material;Front cooling fan;Blue Eye-design, LED for power on and HDD access.
D5403781	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. The company's extensive product line and digital solutions enable businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store, and distribute information. Canon products include full-color as well as black-and-white copiers, printers, micrographics and image filing systems, facsimile machines, calculators, cameras and lenses, camcorders, semiconductor, broadcast and optical equipment, flatbed scanners, and other specialized industrial products.
D5406146	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:Universal notebook power adapter with 4 different power plugs for use in 59 countries;Equipped with 6 swappable notebook connectors and selectable power output;Provides 70 Watts power with switchable 15/16/18/19/20/22 Volt [3.5A] and 24 Volt [3A] DC output;Protected against overload, short circuit and overheating (IC controlled).This product is designed for DELL Latitude Cxx series and Inspiron series.
D5406237	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compact 4-port high speed USB 2.0 hub;Up to 480 Mbps data transfer speed, 40x faster than USB 1.1;Quickly connect up to 4 USB 2.0 peripherals to 1 USB port;Included power adapter to ensure sufficient power for your connected equipment.
D5408171	This wireless mouse features Microsoft's High Definition Laser Technology, which delivers more responsiveness and more precision, and enables smoother tracking on a variety of surfaces, even ones with unique finishes. Wireless Laser Mouse 5000 includes the Magnifier tool and a Tilt Wheel, making navigating, viewing and editing spreadsheets, documents and images easier than ever.
D5408411	The SpinPoint P80 drives provide storage capacities of up to 160GB by implementing 48bit addressing feature set. Industry standard 48bit addressing feature enables the drive to overcome 137GB capacity limitation and extend drive capacity up to 144 Terabytes. These new drives also can be configured to operate in an optimal condition under intensive Audio/Visual data transfer environment by enabling its A/V feature set. It allows the drive to guarantee the timely delivery of requested data from the drive. With its onboard cache of 2MB, 8.9ms average seek time, and dual DSP (Digital Signal Processor) architecture, these new models are ideal for today's business PCs, high performance consumer PCs and digital consumer electronics. SpinPoint P80 series offer 8MB cache buffer option for even greater performance.
D5409406	The Back-UPS ES offers affordable battery backup and surge protection for home computers. With enough power outlets to protect your entire system, built-in phone/fax/modem line (DSL compatible) protection and easy-to-install safe system shutdown software all make this power protection solution the best value for home and home office computers.
D5409567	Targus' goal is to enhance your lifestyle by offering innovative and quality products, as well as continuing to listen and respond to its customers.
D5409568	Targus is universally recognized as the leading provider of products for the mobile lifestyle. Targus continues to set the standards of excellence for protection, craftsmanship, and functionality of carrying cases and accessories for the mobile lifestyle.
D5417436	The Canon EOS 5D offers advanced photographers a lightweight, robust digital SLR that uses Canon's superlative EF lenses without a conversion factor. Its full-frame 12.8 Megapixel CMOS sensor combines with Canon's DIGIC II Image Processor, a high-precision 9-point AF system with 6 assist points, and "Picture Style" color control to deliver images of superior quality with enough resolution for any application. With its wide-angle capabilities, 2.5 inch LCD and magnesium-alloy body, the 5D is the perfect addition to the Digital EOS line.
D5417457	This 8-color A3+ professional photo printer captures the picture quality of your digital camera with exceptional accuracy. Additional red and green dye inks expand the color gamut significantly - achieving warm, rich and vibrant coloration. Print on all media surfaces from Premium gloss to Matte.You can rely on dependable durability with Canon's ChromaLife100 system of FINE print head, quality inks and Canon genuine photo papers. Produce long-lasting and beautiful photo prints for all your work.The PIXMA Pro9000 supports a wide range of special photo and fine art papers. It is ideal for use with Canon's new FA-PR1 Fine Art Paper "Photo Rag" and FA-PM1 Fine Art Paper Premium Matte. This finest quality media with a unique surface finish ensures your work retains its value over time.The printer features a built-in flat paper path. This enables thick photo and fine art media to be fed straight into the printer without the risk of bending or curling. It also delivers exceptional accuracy when printing fine details.Adobe Photoshop CS/CS2 plug-in software, designed to work with Photoshop, provides professional color and tone control. Canon's new 'linear tone' print mode ensures easy and faithful color output when printing your carefully retouched photos. Get accurate color reproduction with just a few clicks.Designed for heavy-duty usage, the robust PIXMA Pro9000 provides consistent quality over a long period. Eliminate costly outsourcing and maximize profitability with this stylish and dependable printer.Print an A3+ photo lab quality print in approximately 83 seconds with fast borderless photo printing on a range of sizes. Canon's FINE print head and 2pl Micro-Nozzles deliver a 4800 x 2400dpi print resolution for true photo lab quality.Single Ink technology ensures economical operation. All ink cartridges can be replaced individually to minimize ink wastage.
D5417458	Achieve remarkable, studio quality prints from your digital SLR camera with this professional 10-color A3+ photo printer. Benefit from complete in-house printing control. The range of 10 ink colors provides the flexibility to produce both high quality color images and neutral monochrome prints, without messy cartridge changes.The PIXMA Pro9500 utilizes pigment inks for each of the 10 colors to ensure exceptional image permanence for all your printed work. You can always depend on highly durable and fade-free prints for exhibitions, art sales, quality samples or other commercial purposes.Produce professional quality neutral monochrome prints with Photo Black, Matte Black & Gray inks. The two black inks deliver outstanding black density whilst the additional gray ink ensures subtle shading in the mid-tones. The end result is print perfection for all your monochrome work, with minimum metamerism.The PIXMA Pro9500 supports a wide range of special photo and fine art papers. Print on high quality paper with a unique surface finish using Canon's new FA-PR1 Fine Art Paper "Photo Rag" and FA-PM1 Fine Art Paper Premium Matte. This finest quality media ensures your work retains its investment value over time.The printer features a built-in flat paper path. This enables thick photo and fine art media to be fed straight into the printer without the risk of bending or curling. It also delivers exceptional accuracy when printing fine details.Adobe Photoshop CS/CS2 plug-in software, designed to work with Photoshop, provides professional color and tone control. Canon's new 'linear tone' print mode ensures easy and faithful color output when printing your carefully retouched photos. Get accurate color reproduction with just a few clicks.Single Ink technology ensures economical operation. The high capacity ink cartridges can be replaced individually to minimize ink wastage.The robust and reliable PIXMA Pro9500 is built to last. Enhance the capability and profitability of your studio business with this durable and professional printing tool.
D5418150	With the new NOXON 2 radio the performances of the well-known NOXON 2 audio are enhanced. Besides integrated loudspeakers the new offspring has now receiving capabilities for analog FM radio and a built-in wake-up function.Common and popular characteristics of the brother NOXON 2 audio remain: Like that the music archive on the hard disk of the computer or thousands of internet radio stations will be available in every corner of the house. To accomplish this, a WLAN network (ideally a router with wireless access point) and a broadband Internet connection (e.g. DSL or Cable) must be present. An Ethernet connection is also integrated.The functional design is simple: With perfect ease, the NOXON 2 radio establishes an ad-hoc connection to a laptop or connects to a wireless network through a WLAN router. An integrated USB 2.0 host adds the finishing touch for complete music diversity: Use it to connect a portable MP3 player (with mobile storage compatibility) or a portable USB 2.0 hard drive containing your personal play lists. The audio player is designed for 54 Mbit networks (802.11g) and can also be operated on 11 Mbit networks (802.11b), while the external antenna ensures good signal quality. WEP and WPA encryption support provides secure data transport from the sender to the receiver.It's just as easy to tune in to any of the infinitely many, mostly ad-free, niche radio stations on the Internet. You don't even need the computer to do so: as long as there's an access point available, the NOXON 2 radio can connect to the Internet on its own. The remote control that comes with it lets you switch stations at the touch of a button, while the WLAN audio player lets you display stations sorted by genre or language.
D5418152	Digitise records and tapes with 24bit/96KHz for MP3-Players. With ease and speed, the PhonoPreAmp iVinyl can eternalize your LP, single or cassette recordings via the USB interface - all with no sound card!
D5418153	Digital TV whilst traveling on the train or by car - the Cinergy DT USB Diversity makes it come true. The magic word included in its name is "Diversity". It means the technology to receive the same signal manifold and to bundle it to one better signal. The trendy USB 2.0 box is certainly not only connectible to a laptop but also to a stationary computer. The signal improves especially in areas where reception is low. Alternatively, the Cinergy DT USB Diversity can be used in dual tuner mode. Thus a program can be recorded in the background whereas another program is watched or even two programs are watched simultaneously.Thus the Cinergy DT USB Diversity is the ideal solution to enjoy every advantage of digital TV on the laptop or PC when using different applications: time shifted TV, electronical program guide (EPG), video text and the digital video recorder with burning function open up unexpected options. Everything is easily controllable via remote control - just like in the living-room. Please note that the Cinergy DT USB Diversity is fully compatible with Windows MCE and is therefore perfectly suitable to upgrade or set up a home entertainment system to use in the living room.
D5419841	This classic 1.5-inch-wide strap with Canon logo is designed to carry EOS or other cameras safely and comfortably. The strap also features a built-in eyepiece cover for EOS autofocus SLR cameras.
D5420906	The TWINX2048-3200C2 is a pair of 1024 MByte DDR SDRAM DIMMs designed for extreme speed are some of the fastest 1 GByte modules available. TWINX matched memory pairs are specifically designed for motherboards using chipsets with dual memory channels. This part delivers outstanding performance at high clock speeds. It has been tested extensively in a variety of motherboards commonly used in gaming rigs.
D5420927	The TCA-4810 USB Webcam is a high-quality digital product. It supports plug and play for transmitting the data to PC via USB port. The camera provides an automatic optical zoom for pictures with high resolution and a fast transmitting rate, for convenient talking on PC, to let you enjoy chatting with your relatives and friends over long distances.
D5422416	AOpen barebone chassis feature precise mechanical construction and are ready for FCC system approval. These cases reflect AOpen's commitment to quality and offer resellers a way to build systems of superior quality. Combine AOpen cases with industry-leading AOpen motherboards to get the best fit.PRODUCT FEATURES:Accurate EMI protection;Brilliant look and feel design;Housing material: SECC;Supports MicroATX (P4) 9.6" (244mm) x 9.6" (244mm) motherboard;Good thermal and EMI solution;Front USB, Audio, 1394 support (option);Light and easy to assemble;Compact design saves space.
D5422446	LightScribe technology is an integrated system that combines the DVD drive of your LightScribe-enabled computer with specially coated discs. These discs can then have laser-etched labels burned directly onto the disc surface by the same laser that burns the content of the discs. This is all possible with enhanced disc-burning software.
D5423271	Silverstone's mission is to be the number one in the areas of quality, service, innovation and cost efficiency. Silverstone commits itself to the morality of uprightness, dexterity, truthfulness and assiduity.PRODUCT FEATURES:Custom tailored for LC02 and LC04;Compatible with cards up to PCI Express X16.
D5426840	Small, simple, elegant, and very easy to use. Just plug it in, and you've got plenty of room to back up and save your valuable data, music, photos, and movies.The elegant case, iconic of a book, takes up less space on your desk, stacks horizontally, and allows two or more drives to nestle neatly together like volumes on a shelf. SmartPower automatic power on/off and LED activity lights make this drive especially easy to use. Inside the case is an exceptionally fast (7200 RPM spin speed), ultra quiet, cool-running hard drive from WD, of course!
D5429609	The 2-Port USB KVM Switch lets you manage two PC's with just one set of keyboard, monitor, and mouse. Switch between two PC's with a simple press of a button! Separate sets of KVM cables are included with the KVM Switch, so users can start controlling 2 PC's instantly. The KVM cables also provide power to the KVM Switch, eliminating the need for a power adapter. Hot Key operations provide immediate access to features such as computer switching, and auto-scanning. With its Hot-Plug, and Audible Feedback, the 2-Port USB KVM Switch is the perfect choice for managing multiple PC's.
D5434450	Verbatim's DVD-R was designed to meet the needs of users who demand a higher capacity. Therefore designed primarily for businesses and consumers for data archiving and one-time video recording. Professionals working with large image files, for example, will immediately discover advantages such as the ability to have an entire picture library on one disc, while sharing large multimedia files will no longer be a problem. Home-users will be able to edit, organize, share and preserve their memories on one disc in the form of photos, video clips and music.
D5434581	The ZM-NB32K does not require a fan, thus does not need to be powered, and does not generate noise or vibration. The Northbridge chipset can be cooled to an optimal temperature without generation of noise. You can adjust the direction while in installation. So you can prevent the interference with CPU Coolers and other components.
D5456936	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman Tech strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:Pure copper heatsink base and fins maximize cooling performance;Use of two high performance heatpipes maximizes heat transfer;Circular heatsink formed by radially aligned ultra-thin (0.2mm) fins minimizes airflow resistance and maximizes heat dissipation surface area for excellent cooling performance;Fan installed in the heatsink cools not only the VGA chipset and VGA RAM, but all other VGA components;Does not exert any excessive force on the VGA card due to the product's light weight;Improvement in the installation structure provides excellent compatibility and easy installation;Adjustable fan speed controller enables control of noise and fan speed;Does not generate noise or vibration in Silent Mode.
D5457899	The Logitech V150 Laser Mouse for Notebooks works wherever you work, with precision laser tracking and an ultra-portable shape.Maximize your productivity, wherever you use your notebook PC - at your desk, on the road, or even in the conference room down the hall. The Tilt Wheel Plus Zoom makes side-to-side scrolling effortless, and the contoured sides provide support for hours of work.
D5457900	More comfortable than the touchpad! The Logitech V100 Optical Mouse for notebooks is convenient to carry and offers more comfort than a standard laptop touchpad. Just plug it into the USB port to get started.Tilt Wheel Plus Zoom is perfect for viewing spreadsheets. Instantly zoom in or out, and scroll horizontally or vertically. Contoured shape for improved comfort is provided - wherever you use your laptop.
D5457909	Plug the Logitech X-530 into your PC, music player, DVD player, or even your PlayStation or Xbox game console and immerse yourself in clean, crisp, consistent surround sound from your games, movies, and more. The high-tech subwoofer adjusts itself dynamically to deliver distortion-free bass. And the five wall-mountable satellite speakers use Logitech's patented FDD2 technology to eliminate the uneven sound response created by conventional dual-driver designs. The result: a clear, uniform sound field without the "hot spots" and inconsistency of other dual-driver satellites.
D5457911	Get started with Internet chatting and online gaming - privately! Use the Logitech PC Headset 120 for PC-to-PC calling, online voice chatting, multi-player gaming, watching movies, or just listening to music. This headset features a sleek and comfortable behind-the-head style, which makes it ideal for use with Logitech webcams. Its adjustable, noise-canceling microphone filters out unwanted background noise and provides optimal clarity.
D5463646	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.
D5467143	Built to perform, the LC10 has cooling configuration rarely seen in HTPC cases. A standard three-fan configuration provides ample airflow to easily handle the heat from a Pentium 4 Prescott 3.2GHz processor. But having great thermal performance did not compromise the poise of LC10 as Silverstone's engineers created a front panel that is both elegant and devoid of any unsightly holes. This philosophy of no compromises again results in a HTPC case of unparalleled combination of style and function.
D5467147	The SilverStone MS01 is a versatile 3.5" hard drive enclosure with excellent thermal and functional properties. Built from exquisitely crafted all aluminum and finely brushed, the MS01 has a finish that matches the best hi-fi components in the world. Its enclosure is not only beautiful, but also designed to accommodate hi-end IDE drives with abundant cooling. To complete the package, easy to use backup software is also included to create a total mobile storage solution that is both practical and stylish!
D5467998	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals.
D5472242	KeySonic's products bring you close with important data to the Internet and make it possible for you working in the digital world more effectively, playing and communicating.
D5491703	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:Aluminum badge with mesh panel;Dual USB 2.0, IEEE 1394 FireWire, MIC and Speaker ports;Tool-free installation for all drive bays and add-on cards;High efficiency ventilation: 12cm silent fan in rear (front 12cm fan is optional);Entirely filtered front panel design to prevent dust built up.
D5496346	Purchase genuine Samsung supplies for all your printing needs. You will be guaranteed the best quality, reliability and performance without sacrificing the useful life of your printer. Samsung is a leader in the printing industry with numerous patents and innovative designs. Samsung supplies are highly engineered, allowing for a consistent printed output for years to come.
D5498306	Crank up the audio on your PC with this 2.1 speaker system and enjoy clean, crisp, consistent sound from your games, music, and more. The Logitech X-230's high-tech subwoofer adjusts itself dynamically to deliver distortion-free bass. And the two wall-mountable satellite speakers use Logitech's patented FDD2 technology to eliminate the uneven sound response created by conventional dual-driver designs. The result: a clear, uniform sound field without the "hot spots" and inconsistency of other dual-driver satellites.
D5498885	The established 5.1 USB headset has evolved! Simply connect the Medusa 5.1 Mobile Edition to a free USB interface, install the software and you are ready for 5.1 Surround sound without the need of an additional 5.1 sound card. The integrated sound chip makes it all happen. The Mobile Edition is powered via the USB port. This means there is no need for a bulky AC adapter. The padded carry case protects your headset during transport. Take part in live conferences and experience live chat using the latest Internet communication programs like Skype, MSN Messenger, Yahoo! Messenger and many more.
D5503307	The LC20 once again proves that it is possible to build an enclosure for both entertainment and work. Its clean and modern front panel has two flush fitting doors to cover all the front access I/O ports and drives. So a system built with the LC20 will look great at all times even if it is not in use. With a class-leading six hard drive capacity (for up to 3 Terabytes) and dual optical drive ready for Blu-ray and HD-DVD drives, this beautiful enclosure is a home theater builder and PVR enthusiast's dream come true.
D5503364	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D5510632	Microsoft is committed long term to the mission of helping its customers realize their full potential. Just as it constantly updates and improves its products, Microsoft wants to continually evolve to be in the best position to accelerate new technologies as they emerge and to better serve its customers.
D5511413	Marketing description is not available.
D5514499	Razer is the world's leading brand in high-end computer gaming peripherals. The company reinvented the computer gaming industry by bringing the competitive edge to gamers when professional computer gaming was in its infancy. Engineered to near perfection, Razer's reputation of being the leaders in gaming technology is embodied in every single Razer product.PRODUCT FEATURES:1200 APM Optimized for Real-Time Strategy (RTS) / Mass Multiplayer Online Gaming (MMOG);1600 DPI, twice that of conventional high performance sensors;Ultra large non-slip mouse buttons, tactile response design;Award winning Razer drivers featuring On-the-Fly sensitivity adjustment;Frame rate over 6400 frames per second (5.8-megapixels per second);Always-On Mode: the optical sensor never powers down, it provides instantaneous response at all times during gameplay;High-speed motion detection;3 physical buttons optimized for gaming response and independently programmable;Non-slip side rails and new ergonomic ambidextrous design;Zero acoustic Teflon feet for smooth motion over any surface;Gold plated USB connector for maximum conductivity.
D5516964	A technology leader in engineering premium memory solutions, Kingston is proud to offer "HyperX" memory products for gaming enthusiasts. Get faster gaming for better action, and the highest performance that your motherboard or system can support with Kingston HyperX!Kingston HyperX memory is based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D5516967	A technology leader in engineering premium memory solutions, Kingston is proud to offer "HyperX" memory products for gaming enthusiasts. Get faster gaming for better action, and the highest performance that your motherboard or system can support with Kingston HyperX!Kingston HyperX memory is based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D5517072	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman Tech strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:The entire chassis consists of aluminum unlike other enclosures that solely use aluminum for the front panel;Multiple air inlets adjacent to all major heat-generating components facilitate optimized ventilation and cooling;The push-open door style front I/O panel houses two USB ports, 1394 port, MIC and headphone jacks;The VFD displays the PC's operation status while the remote control provides convenient access to various media;Remote control for enabling multimedia software operation and control;Convenient volume knob;The HD160 can be operated at minimum fan speed with Zalman's silent cooling solutions, consuming less power than regular systems;Vibration can be prevented by attaching the vibration-preventing pads on the bottom part of the hard disk, and friction with the screws can be minimized by attaching the circular vibration-preventing pads on the top part of the hard disk;Power Supporter serves two purposes by preventing the breakaway of the power supplier when exposed to vibration or external impact, and by serving as the prevention for bending.
D5518095	The world today runs on information. Every time you access the Internet, hit "send", trade a stock online, use an ATM or even watch a Hollywood blockbuster movie with computer-generated special effects, you create, access and share tremendous amounts of digital information. Seagate is committed to developing the technology and manufacturing the products that help make it all happen.PRODUCT FEATURES:Best-in-class environmental specification and reliability features;New perpendicular recording technology enables higher areal density, fewer moving parts and increased dependability;Adaptive Fly Height offers consistent read/write performance from the beginning to the end of your computing workload;Clean Sweep automatically calibrates your drive;Directed Offline Scan runs diagnostics when storage access is not needed;RoHS Directive-compliant design assures you an environmentally conscious product;Enhanced G-Force Protection defends against handling damage;Seagate SoftSonic motor enables whisper-quiet operation.This product is designed for MD: special RAID edition
D5521371	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman Tech strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with Intel's Dual Core Pentium, Pentium4, and Celeron D for Socket 775;Low-noise 92mm PWM Control fan for automatic control of the fan's RPM according to CPU temperature;Optimized heatsink layout composed of pure copper for maximum heatsink efficiency;Innovative, patented, and curved heatpipe design for a heat transfer capacity of up to six heatpipes with just three;0.2mm ultra-slim fins for minimized weight and reduced airflow resistance;Maintains minimum RPM even when Duty signal supplied by M/B is below 30%;Operates in silence by preventing extreme RPM during initial booting.
D5524165	Rounding out a fully capable LC20 enclosure is the LC20M with integrated VFD/IR and excellent media software for home theater style functionality. Behind its clean front fascia is a complete set of I/O ports and three useful external drive bays for excellent multimedia versatility. For individuals that require the maximum use of available room in a relatively compact enclosure, there is no better choice than the LC20M.
D5524166	Rounding out a fully capable LC20 enclosure is the LC20M with integrated VFD/IR and excellent media software for home theater style functionality. Behind its clean front fascia is a complete set of I/O ports and three useful external drive bays for excellent multimedia versatility. For individuals that require the maximum use of available room in a relatively compact enclosure, there is no better choice than the LC20M.
D5526960	The SRU9600 is the first of a family of universal remote controls that all share a similar touch sensitive LCD screen that only shows the relevant keys the user needs.
D5530584	The LC20 once again proves that it is possible to build an enclosure for both entertainment and work. Its clean and modern front panel has two flush fitting doors to cover all the front access I/O ports and drives. So a system built with the LC20 will look great at all times even if it is not in use. With a class-leading six hard drive capacity (for up to 3 Terabytes) and dual optical drive ready for Blu-ray and HD-DVD drives, this beautiful enclosure is a home theater builder and PVR enthusiast's dream come true.
D5533982	MP54GBT2 is a type IIIB Combo mini PCI card to support MSI notebooks (MS-1013, MS-1029, and MS-1036 only). With MSI MP54GBT2 embedded, the system can provide users the flexibility to do the high-speed Internet wireless access via Wireless LAN (aka Wi-Fi) IEEE 802.11b/g with the data rate up to 54Mbps, and link with peripherals wirelessly through Bluetooth 2.0 with speed up to 3Mbps and advanced AFH (Adaptive Frequency Hopping) technologies to minimize the WLAN interference.
D5534412	HPU-4M580 sets a class of its own from HIPER standard series. It's really wallet friendly. It still offers the same power output specification of the award winning Type R- 580 series, the same amount of exTender just like Type R 580 series, not to mention the meshed body for excellent ventilation and it's SLi certified.
D5536729	The TM-50 is an optical mouse in a fresh ergonomic design. The precise optical sensor with 800dpi resolution permits a smooth tracking and a mouse pad will not be necessary. The comfortable design fits for either hand and the easy plug-and-play setup makes this mouse instantly ready for work.
D5543105	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:All aluminum front panel design;ATX/BTX compatible;Dual 120mm silent front and back case fans;Accepts standard ATX and BTX motherboard;Fits Tt liquid cooling system.
D5546452	RaidSonic's target is to develop innovative products, which enrich and perfect the use of mass storage in a functional, aesthetic and high quality way. By the consequent use of high class components and materials, RaidSonic has positioned its products in the upper level market segment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Aluminum case with cages;Hot Plug & Play and Hot Swap;Lateral LED lightening in blue;Very silent without fan;Power switch on the back;Vertical and horizontal settable;Supports IDE and SATA HDDs;USB 2.0, USB 2.0 & 1394a, SATA connection;Data cables, power supply and sockets in the scope of supply.
D5547894	The world today runs on information. Every time you access the Internet, hit "send", trade a stock online, use an ATM or even watch a Hollywood blockbuster movie with computer-generated special effects, you create, access and share tremendous amounts of digital information. Seagate is committed to developing the technology and manufacturing the products that help make it all happen.PRODUCT FEATURES:Best-in-class environmental specification and reliability features;New perpendicular recording technology enables higher areal density, fewer moving parts and increased dependability;Adaptive Fly Height offers consistent read/write performance from the beginning to the end of your computing workload;Clean Sweep automatically calibrates your drive;Directed Offline Scan runs diagnostics when storage access is not needed;RoHS Directive-compliant design assures you an environmentally conscious product;Enhanced G-Force Protection defends against handling damage;Seagate SoftSonic motor enables whisper-quiet operation.This product is designed for MD: special RAID edition
D5547897	The world today runs on information. Every time you access the Internet, hit "send", trade a stock online, use an ATM or even watch a Hollywood blockbuster movie with computer-generated special effects, you create, access and share tremendous amounts of digital information. Seagate is committed to developing the technology and manufacturing the products that help make it all happen.PRODUCT FEATURES:Best-in-class environmental specification and reliability features;New perpendicular recording technology enables higher areal density, fewer moving parts and increased dependability;Adaptive Fly Height offers consistent read/write performance from the beginning to the end of your computing workload;Clean Sweep automatically calibrates your drive;Directed Offline Scan runs diagnostics when storage access is not needed;RoHS Directive-compliant design assures you an environmentally conscious product;Enhanced G-Force Protection defends against handling damage;Seagate SoftSonic motor enables whisper-quiet operation.This product is designed for MD: special RAID edition
D5554392	This game pad gives you a very precise control and makes you feel your mistakes with vibrations (if the game supports them). It does not matter if action or simulation, you keep the control. Because of the ergonomic design the game pad lies good in your hands. The function keys have a very good handling and reachability. Even if you touch the game pad harder it does not matter because of its robust coverage type.
D5554405	Form follows function! Compact and small! The TCA-3010 from techsolo provides maximum quality in small size! It has a resolution of 640 x 480 pixel and a color depth of 24 Bit. It is equipped with a CMOS image sensor and it has a focus range of 5 cm to infinite.
D5554406	The TL-2050 from techsolo is the ideal solution for every office PC. Its sound is marvelous! The design is incredible! See yourself!
D5555778	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5559837	The TP-500 from techsolo gives you all you could expect from a power supply. The TP-500 is especially designed for AMD and INTEL systems. The extra large 120mm super silent fan is enhanced regarding temperature regulation. The main-connectors are jacketed to avoid any cable getting into, e.g. a fan. It has a power connector for Serial ATA. It is ready for the Future- are you?
D5562357	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D5564505	APC Smart-UPS XL protects your data by supplying reliable, network-grade power and scalable runtime in tower or rack-mount form factors. Customers can configure up to 10 matching battery packs for runtimes exceeding 24 hours, if needed. Typical applications requiring longer runtime include critical application servers and storage, IP and PBX based voice networks, and enterprise network switches and hubs. Included PowerChute management software provides IT administrators the comfort of safe system shutdown and advanced UPS management. Additional manageability is available through the SmartSlot, an internal accessory slot that allows installation of optional accessories to enhance performance. Engineered with the same standards as the award-winning Smart-UPS, the Smart-UPS XL adds the advantage of unsurpassed runtime capability for those business applications that demand continual uptime.
D5568872	This internal USB 2.0 Cardreader supports all common memory cards. The ideal solution for anyone that does not want to attach his or her digital camera to the PC. For those that just want to copy data up and down from the cards.
D5568875	Whether you have two, four or also six loudspeakers, the techsolo 5.1 sound-card is able to connect up to six loudspeakers. Equipped with the latest technology it supplies 4-channel sound as well as 6-channel sound. This soundcard has a professional digital interface, which supplies the optical 24-bit digital in and exit.
D5576747	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5576971	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.
D5581433	The complete DIGITUS assortment contains extensive products of its active and passive network components. With DIGITUS you are able to install your individual network.
D5581723	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D5582397	The Twin2X2048-6400C4 is a 2048 MByte matched pair of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 800MHz at the low latencies of 4-4-4-12.
D5584349	Targus' goal is to enhance your lifestyle by offering innovative and quality products, as well as continuing to listen and respond to its customers.
D5591089	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D5598796	Running out of power is an event of the past with AC Anywhere. The unit simply plugs into any standard, 12-volt DC vehicle cigarette lighter socket to convert your vehicle's battery power to 230-volt AC (common household current). Now you can keep laptop computers, PDAs, and AC appliances powered and operational wherever you go.
D5599014	For many, the Temjin series is a symbol of powerful full size tower cases, so when SilverStone engineers began working on a Micro-ATX tower case, they made sure it was as powerful as possible. The TJ08 was born with a setup that is simple yet unheard of in cases of its class. Equipped with dual 120mm fans and with only a short distance between them, a natural wind tunnel effect could be achieved to produce cooling efficiency rivaling the best full tower cases on the market. Besides having great cooling performance, the TJ08 is also an easy to use case with removable motherboard tray and logically placed buttons/connectors on its thick, beautifully finished aluminum front panel. If using top-of-the-line components in a micro tower was not an option before, it is now with the TJ08.
D5599015	For many, the Temjin series is a symbol of powerful full size tower cases, so when SilverStone engineers began working on a Micro-ATX tower case, they made sure it was as powerful as possible. The TJ08 was born with a setup that is simple yet unheard of in cases of its class. Equipped with dual 120mm fans and with only a short distance between them, a natural wind tunnel effect could be achieved to produce cooling efficiency rivaling the best full tower cases on the market. Besides having great cooling performance, the TJ08 is also an easy to use case with removable motherboard tray and logically placed buttons/connectors on its thick, beautifully finished aluminum front panel. If using top-of-the-line components in a micro tower was not an option before, it is now with the TJ08.
D5600332	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman Tech strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with AMD Opteron, Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core, Athlon 64 FX, Athlon 64, and Sempron for Socket AM2/754/939/940;Pure copper heatsink with component layout optimized for maximum cooling efficiency;Innovative, patented, and curved heatpipe design for a heat transfer capacity of up to six heatpipes with the use of just three;Ultra slim fins (0.2mm) for minimized weight and reduced airflow resistance;Adjustable fan speed controller (FAN MATE 2) included.
D5601837	The superiority technology in this stunning universal remote control empowers you to control your complete home entertainment center from a stylish design unit.
D5602827	With built-in touch-sensitive multimedia controls and a backlighted display that shows digital-music track information, a clock, volume and more, these trophy speakers are meant to be touched and seen. Perfect for use with either a desktop or notebook PC, these powerful speakers deliver rich audio without using a separate space-consuming subwoofer. The bi-amp design, 1-inch dome tweeters and 3-inch high-excursion woofers deliver studio-quality sound that fills a room.
D5603077	ASRock is an energetic company with the support of strong R&D team and active marketing channels. ASRock's mission is to be an excellent opportunity for customers in the motherboard market who have yearned for a reliable, cost-effective motherboard brand for a long time. With its vision to provide reliable and affordable products, ASRock is confident that it can succeed in the motherboard industry and will continue to grow in other IT industry fields.PRODUCT FEATURES:Socket 478 for Intel Pentium 4 / Celeron D (Prescott, Northwood, Willamate) processors;Intel 865G Chipset;HT Technology;Supports Dual Channel DDR400 (DDR x 2 DIMMs);Untied Overclocking: During Overclocking, FSB enjoys better margin due to fixed AGP/ PCI Buses;1 x AGP 8X slot;Supports Integrated Intel Extreme Graphics 2 and DirectX 8.0;Hybrid Booster - Safe Overclocking Technology;2 ports of SerialATA 1.5Gb/s, 2 ATA100 IDE ports;5.1 Channel Audio, 10/100 Ethernet LAN;ASRock I/O Plus: 6 ready-to-use USB2.0 ports.
D5605318	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.This memory is designed for the following motherboards:ASUS M2N-SLI Deluxe;ASUS M2N32-SLI Deluxe;ASUS M2NPV-MX;ASUS M2NPV-VM;ASUS P5WD2-E Premium;ASUS P5WDG2-WS;EliteGroup (ECS) RS485M-M;Gigabyte GA-M51GM-S2G;Gigabyte GA-M55plus-S3G;MSI K9N Diamond;MSI K9N Neo-F;MSI K9N Platinum;MSI K9N SLI Platinum.
D5605319	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.This memory is designed for the following motherboards:ASUS M2N-SLI Deluxe;ASUS M2N32-SLI Deluxe;ASUS M2NPV-MX;ASUS M2NPV-VM;ASUS P5WD2-E Premium;ASUS P5WDG2-WS;EliteGroup (ECS) RS485M-M;Gigabyte GA-M51GM-S2G;Gigabyte GA-M55plus-S3G;MSI K9N Diamond;MSI K9N Neo-F;MSI K9N Platinum;MSI K9N SLI Platinum.
D5605320	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.This memory is designed for the following motherboards:ASUS M2N-SLI Deluxe;ASUS M2N32-SLI Deluxe;ASUS M2NPV-MX;ASUS M2NPV-VM;ASUS P5WD2-E Premium;ASUS P5WDG2-WS;EliteGroup (ECS) RS485M-M;Gigabyte GA-M51GM-S2G;Gigabyte GA-M55plus-S3G;MSI K9N Diamond;MSI K9N Neo-F;MSI K9N Platinum;MSI K9N SLI Platinum.
D5605321	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.This memory is designed for the following motherboards:ASUS M2N-SLI Deluxe;ASUS M2N32-SLI Deluxe;ASUS M2NPV-MX;ASUS M2NPV-VM;ASUS P5WD2-E Premium;ASUS P5WDG2-WS;EliteGroup (ECS) RS485M-M;Gigabyte GA-M51GM-S2G;Gigabyte GA-M55plus-S3G;MSI K9N Diamond;MSI K9N Neo-F;MSI K9N Platinum;MSI K9N SLI Platinum.
D5608099	ExcelStor Technology is a company running with an objective of manufacturing excellence at all stages of production with uncompromising emphasis on quality and performance. The company is focusing on continuous improvement of product performance, reliability and quality.PRODUCT FEATURES:160GB per platter technology design for increased product quality and performance;Ramp load/unload technology provides excellent anti-shock capability;Fluid dynamic bearing motor for less noise;S.M.A.R.T Command Transport (SCT) for Adaptive error correction;Thermal Flyheight Control (TFC) for improved reliability;Native Command Queuing for faster access;Internal Thermal Sensor to monitor the HDD temperature;ROHS compliant.
D5610170	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compact stereo speaker set with 2 Watt RMS output;For clear reproduction of sound effects and music;Suitable for PC, notebook, Discman, MP3 player, etc;Controls for power and volume adjustment;Front side headphone connection.
D5610707	The TV-IP201W Internet camera server is the perfect device for remote monitoring and transmitting real-time events over the Internet. The TV-IP201W functions as a video/audio/surveillance camera allowing you to view live events with your web browser via Internet or Intranet. Up to 16 cameras can be remotely managed with the bundled IPView software. This Internet camera server has M-JPEG quality streaming video, automatic image capture, and event notification via e-mail, making it the ideal solution for Internet video broadcasting applications.
D5611849	The mission of Teac is to effectively develop, manufacture, market and support a diversity of innovative, technologically advanced devices that benefit customers and contribute to the profitability of the company. Teac's vision is to be recognized as a responsive, global supplier of consistently high-quality products that enhance the capabilities and fulfill the needs of those who use them.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB interface (USB full-speed mode);Super slim & lightweight;Hi speed data transfer: 1Mbps.
D5611866	RangeMax NEXT extends the possibilities of your wireless home network by providing a Steady-Stream of up to 270 Mbps, and is compliant with draft 802.11n. This next generation wireless standard utilizes advanced MIMO (Multi-In, Multi-Out) technology, which delivers incredible speed and range, and for the first time provides wireless interoperability at the highest speeds with other products with InteNsi-fi.A RangeMax NEXT wireless network creates and maintains stable connections and enough bandwidth to surf the Internet, download MP3s, make Internet phone calls, share files, play network games, and stream high-definition videos, simultaneously at any distance or location in the home or office. Because RangeMax NEXT is compatible with all legacy b and g wireless products, you are sure to be connected.Preset internal antennas and draft 11n-True-Test high-performance testing and tuning, provides maximum performance and high-quality streaming every time. Touchless WiFi Security makes creating the highest level of network security easy and includes WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK.
D5612713	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:Complies with ATX 12V 2.2 and EPS 12V version;SLI, Cross-Fire, and Dual Core CPU ready;Next generation four +12V rails supports high-end graphic card and PC system;Independent Voltage Circuit: offers unflappable current delivery under heavy load and makes voltage output more stable;Active Power Factor Correction and high efficiency;Extremely good voltage regulation: provides steady voltage for system;Industrial grade components (capacitor, transformer, etc);Mirror effect housing and reliable 14cm ball-bearing fan;Protections: Over Current, Over Voltage, and Short-Circuit protection;Safety / EMI Approvals: CE, CB, TUV, FCC, UL, CUL, and BSMI certified.
D5612715	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:Complies with ATX 12V 2.2 and EPS 12V version;Modularized Cable Management to eliminate clutter and improve airflow inside the case;SLI, Cross-Fire, and Dual Core CPU ready;Next generation four +12V rails (12V1, 12V2, 12V3, 12V4) support high-end graphic card and PC system (combined loading of 56A);Independent Voltage Circuit: offers unflappable current delivery under heavy load and makes voltage output more stable;Active Power Factor Correction (PF>0.99) and high efficiency (up to 85%);Extremely good voltage regulation (±3%): provides steady voltage for system;Industrial grade components (capacitor, transformer, etc);High reliability: MTBF>120, 000 hours;Mirror effect housing and reliable 14cm ball-bearing fan;Protections: Over Current, Over Voltage, and Short-Circuit protection;Safety / EMI Approvals: CE, CB, TUV, FCC, UL, CUL, and BSMI certified.
D5612716	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:Complies with ATX 12V 2.2 & EPS 12V version;Modularized Cable Management to eliminate clutter and improve airflow inside the case;SLI, Cross-Fire, and Dual Core CPU ready;Next generation four +12V rails (12V1, 12V2, 12V3, 12V4) support high-end graphic card and PC system (combined loading of 60A);Independent Voltage Circuit: offers unflappable current delivery under heavy load and makes voltage output more stable;Active Power Factor Correction (PF>0.99) and high efficiency (up to 85%);Extremely good voltage regulation (±3%): provides steady voltage for system;Industrial grade components (capacitor, transformer, etc.);High reliability: MTBF>120, 000 hours;Mirror effect housing and reliable 14cm ball-bearing fan;Protections: Over Current, Over Voltage, and Short-Circuit protection.
D5613672	Lenovo Care is a designed solution that combines innovative tools, support and services resources to help you get your work done, enjoy the experience more and spend less time worrying about computer problems.
D5613674	Lenovo Care is a designed solution that combines innovative tools, support and services resources to help you get your work done, enjoy the experience more and spend less time worrying about computer problems.
D5613680	Lenovo Care is a designed solution that combines innovative tools, support and services resources to help you get your work done, enjoy the experience more and spend less time worrying about computer problems.
D5615059	HyperX DDR2 memory, the next-generation evolution of DDR memory technology, is here. Like all Kingston HyperX products, HyperX DDR2 modules were specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. HyperX DDR2 offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption.
D5615303	The Logitech Pro 2400 Cordless Desktop with advanced 2.4GHz cordless technology delivers interference-free cordless performance in any multi-user environment. Designed with the professional user in mind, the Pro 2400 Cordless Desktop allows up to 78 users to work without any interruption in performance within a 10-meter range.
D5615304	The evolution of Logitech OEM's design has never been more evident than with the Internet product family. The Internet 350 Keyboard encompasses design, comfort, and durability with a new look. Conforming to the latest trends in flat panel displays and desktop design, the Internet 350 Keyboard perfectly fits with any PC that is asking for more. The keyboard has more features such as the Calculator key, high polish side panels, sleek hot key buttons and the Microsoft Windows Start Key.
D5615305	Logitech's dedication to serving each user is nicely displayed in the Logitech Deluxe 250 Keyboard Black. Simple in design, the keyboard conveniently incorporates overlay ready F-row keys with everyday useful spill resistant drain holes. Extremely comfortable to type with conservative design, the Deluxe 250 Keyboard is perfect for any PC.
D5615306	Logitech's dedication to serving each user is nicely displayed in the Logitech Deluxe 250 Keyboard. Simple in design, the keyboard conveniently incorporates overlay ready F-row keys with everyday useful spill resistant drain holes. Extremely comfortable to type with conservative design, the Deluxe 250 Keyboard is perfect for any PC.
D5615307	Logitech's dedication to serving each user is nicely displayed in the Logitech Deluxe 250 Keyboard. Simple in design, the keyboard conveniently incorporates overlay ready F-row keys with everyday useful spill resistant drain holes. Extremely comfortable to type with conservative design, the Deluxe 250 Keyboard is perfect for any PC.
D5615308	The evolution of Logitech OEM's design has never been more evident than with the Internet product family. The Internet 350 Keyboard encompasses design, comfort, and durability with a new look. Conforming to the latest trends in flat panel displays and desktop design, the Internet 350 Keyboard perfectly fits with any PC that is asking for more. The keyboard has more features such as the Calculator key, high polish side panels, sleek hot key buttons and the Microsoft Windows Start Key.
D5615309	The evolution of Logitech OEM's design has never been more evident than with the Internet product family. The Internet 350 Keyboard encompasses design, comfort, and durability with a new look. Conforming to the latest trends in flat panel displays and desktop design, the Internet 350 Keyboard perfectly fits with any PC that is asking for more. The keyboard has more features such as the Calculator key, high polish side panels, sleek hot key buttons and the Microsoft Windows Start Key.
D5615310	The shortcut to efficiency is only a click away with the Logitech RX1000 Laser Mouse.The laser engine delivers amazing performance on more surfaces, and its 1000 dpi resolution boosts the already precise tracking. Work comfortably all day, with its ambidextrous shape. Accomplish comfort with style!
D5616206	These full-size rechargeable infrared cordless headphones combine quality and convenience for either TV or music enjoyment in your home.
D5616215	Give your ears the most comfortable fit ever. These fully adjustable headphones with their ultra-soft ear cushions adapt to your head for an extra secure and comfortable fit, ensuring hours of enjoyable listening.PRODUCT FEATURES:Bass beat vents allow air movement for better sound;Neodymium magnet enhances bass performance and sensitivity;24k gold plated plug ensures an ultra reliable connection;Super-soft ear cushions for hours of comfort;Flexible rubber earhooks for a comfortable and secure fit;Adjustable hinge and earhook for added security and comfort;Tangle-free cable simplifies use and storage;Asymmetric cable keeps the cable out the way;Strain relief enhances cable and connection reliability;A 1.2m long cable that is ideal for outdoor use.
D5618752	Microsoft Wireless Optical Desktop 2000 offers a complete desktop solution. Rest your hands easily on the sleek, responsive comfort curve keyboard, and use the media and hot keys for one-touch access to the commands and programs you use most.
D5621896	Smarter, faster, and fully-loaded, the MX Revolution gives you powerful new controls that will streamline the way you work. Logitech's innovative MicroGear Precision Scroll Wheel lets you fly through long documents at hyperspeed, or switch to precise click-to-click scrolling for navigating lists, slides, and image collections. Toggle between open documents with the convenient Quick-Flip thumb wheel, or search the Web by highlighting a word or phrase and pressing the Search button.
D5621897	Smaller, faster, and goes anywhere. Features Logitech's new, revolutionary hyper-fast scroll wheel, precision laser tracking, and a compact yet exceptionally comfortable design. Rev up your notebook with the VX Revolution.
D5622001	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman Tech strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with Slim and Low Profile computer enclosures;Noiseless and vibration-free operation in Silent Mode;Optimum performance and quick heat dispersion achieved with the use of 4 heatpipes;Optimized fin design for lightness and higher performance;Ultra quiet 92mm fan.
D5626728	Running out of power is an event of the past with AC Anywhere. The unit simply plugs into any standard, 12-volt DC vehicle cigarette lighter socket to convert your vehicle's battery power to 230-volt AC (common household current). Now you can keep laptop computers, PDAs, and AC appliances powered and operational wherever you go.
D5627154	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.
D5627415	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:All aluminum front door;Full tower case with building liquid cooling system;Utilize thermal concept of automobile and place radiator in front of computer chassis;Offers more extra space within case while radiator in the front door;Minimize installation time with partial pre-assembled liquid cooling components;ATX/BTX compatible (BTX upgrade kit is optional).
D5629968	It's Here - HyperX DDR2 memory, the next-generation evolution of DDR memory technology. Like all Kingston HyperX products, HyperX DDR2 modules were specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. HyperX DDR2 offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption.This memory is NVIDIA SLI-Ready.
D5631135	HPU-4M530 is also a member of the Type-M family offering true 530 watts, it's the wallet-friendly version of the new Type-R 530W series.
D5632004	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with 1X-8X DVD+R Hardware;VideoGard protective disc coating provides over 40 times more scratch resistance than standard DVD;Protects video & data stored on disc from everyday fingerprints, smudges and scratches;Ideal for recording up to 2 hours of DVD quality home movies and video clips;"Metal Azo" recording dye provides long archival life.
D5634108	Microsoft LifeCam VX-3000 is a wired, desktop webcam that delivers High Definition still (1.3 megapixels interpolated) photography, brilliant video (640x480 pixels) and a built-in unidirectional noise-canceling microphone for crystal-clear audio performance. The LifeCam fully integrates with the Microsoft Windows Live Messenger to deliver a suite of market-first features that make Web video calling a breeze. The Universal Attachment Base allows for easy and secure attachment to virtually any size monitor. Featuring a sleek black and gray design, the VX-3000 complements any office or home PC.
D5635229	The SHE 7750 are high quality in ear headphones with turbo charged bass and an unbreakable carrying case for extra protection when not in use.
D5638176	Cremax has always kept its marketing concepts updated to acknowledge the best solutions for its customers. Thinking from the user's point of view, Cremax contrives products that its customers can really feel comfortable using. Cremax has outperformed its own expectations to become a well-known source that customers have reserved to use for their storage solutions.
D5638180	Cremax has always kept its marketing concepts updated to acknowledge the best solutions for its customers. Thinking from the user's point of view, Cremax contrives products that its customers can really feel comfortable using. Cremax has outperformed its own expectations to become a well-known source that customers have reserved to use for their storage solutions.
D5639137	RaidSonic's target is to develop innovative products, which enrich and perfect the use of mass storage in a functional, aesthetic and high quality way. By the consequent use of high class components and materials, RaidSonic has positioned its products in the upper level market segment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compact Aluminum Case;Artificial Leather Pocket;Supports 2.5" SATA HDD;USB 2.0 Host Interface;LED display for power and HDD access;Plug-and-Play.
D5640716	The SL-6466 Illuminated Metal Keyboard is ideal for night surfers and games with blue background illumination! It features extra shallow keys for particularly light action. Numerous multimedia and Internet hotkeys permit direct access to the Internet browser, media player, etc.
D5641599	The SHL4100 are mini headband style headphones that fold neatly into pocket-sized compact. Special forward facing speaker provides extra comfort and fit all ears.
D5641608	The SHP2700 are full-size headphones with robust speaker drivers delivering powerful sound performance.
D5641621	Whether in homes, factories, offices, airports, or on the street, it's hard to imagine a place where Philips is absent. What Philips wants is to make your life and work easier - and more fun! And Philips continuously explores new ways to improve products and to offer innovative products to its consumers. Philips. "Let's Make Things Better".PRODUCT FEATURES:24k gold plated plug ensures an ultra reliable connection;Copper cladded aluminum wire improves sound quality;Neodymium magnet enhances bass performance and sensitivity;Turbo bass gives you superb deep and dynamic bass tones;15mm speaker driver optimizes wearing comfort;Asymmetric cable keeps the cable out the way;A 1.2m long cable that is ideal for outdoor use;Carrying case protects your headphone when not in use;Durable Flexi-Grip makes a strong flexible connection;In line control that simplifies volume adjustment.
D5641632	This simple and smart universal remote control allows for easy TV zapping through the channels and controlling your DVD or VCR regardless of brand.
D5641633	This universal remote control is the perfect choice if you want maximum TV functionality in a robust unit that is both shock and water-resistant. It works with most brands.
D5641638	If you own a Flat TV and matching home entertainment center, this stylish ultra flat remote is the finishing touch! The slim remote provides all main functions of your home entertainment equipment in one fun small package.
D5641649	This simple and smart universal remote control allows for easy TV zapping through the channels, regardless of brand.
D5641818	The 300Mbps Wireless N-Draft PC card allows you to connect wirelessly with supercharged speed, range and reliability. Wireless speeds increase up to 300Mbps when connecting to TRENDnet Wireless N-Draft access points or wireless routers. This 802.11n device seamlessly connects to your wireless network without performance degradation.
D5641820	The 300Mbps Wireless N Draft Router incorporates the latest wireless networking technology to increase speed, range and reliability of your wireless network. Advanced antenna technology increases wireless data coverage throughout homes and businesses. Increased speed and throughput make it the perfect solution to fulfill your multimedia needs.
D5641822	TEW-AO14D Outdoor Directional Antenna provides long distance point-to-point connectivity for your wireless network. As an optional antenna for your IEEE 802.11b/g 2.4GHz wireless network equipment, you can install it outdoor for long distance point-to-point connections. Enjoy the benefits of wireless connectivity at greater distances and throughput throughout your outdoor wireless zone.
D5641824	The 1-Port 10/100Mbps Multi-Function USB 2.0 Print Server (TE100-MP1U) is designed to transform virtually any stand-alone multi-function USB printer into a shared resource on your network. An intuitive utility application and a user-friendly configuration interface provide a seamless user experience. LED indicators, bidirectional support and e-mail notifications allow for easy management. With support for most operating systems, simply connect a multi-function device to this product for instant multimedia and file sharing. This product offers a cost effective solution to the challenge of sharing multi-function printer, fax, scanner and storage devices.
D5641826	The Advanced Day/Night Internet Camera Server with Audio is perfect for transmitting real-time video over the Internet. This camera provides high quality streaming video with frame rates up to 30fps. Users can view up to 16 cameras on one screen at any time.
D5641827	The Advanced Day/Night Wireless Internet Camera Server with Audio is perfect for transmitting real-time video over the Internet. This camera provides high quality streaming video with frame rates up to 30fps. This 802.11b/g camera transmits secured video wirelessly. Users can view up to 16 cameras on one screen at any time.
D5643119	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.This memory is designed for the following systems:ABIT Fatal1ty AN9 32X Motherboard;ABIT NI8 SLI Motherboard;ABIT NI8-SLI GR Motherboard;AOpen XC Cube EY945 Series;AOpen XC Cube EZ945 Series;ASUS M2N-E Motherboard;ASUS M2N-SLI Deluxe Motherboard;ASUS M2N32-SLI Deluxe Motherboard;ASUS M2NPV-MX Motherboard;ASUS M2NPV-VM Motherboard;ASUS M2V Motherboard;ASUS P5B Motherboard;ASUS P5B Deluxe Motherboard;ASUS P5LD2 / P5LD2 Deluxe Motherboard;ASUS P5LD2 SE Motherboard;ASUS P5LD2-V Motherboard;ASUS P5LD2-VM Motherboard;ASUS P5LD2-VM DH Motherboard;ASUS P5MT / P5MT-M / P5MT/SCSI Motherboard;ASUS P5MT-C Motherboard;ASUS P5MT-S Motherboard;ASUS P5RD2-VM Motherboard;ASUS P5WD2 Motherboard;ASUS P5WD2 Premium Motherboard;ASUS P5WD2-E Premium Motherboard;ASUS P5WDG2-WS Motherboard;EliteGroup (ECS) C51GM-M Motherboard;EliteGroup (ECS) K8M890M-M Motherboard;EliteGroup (ECS) NForce4M-A Motherboard;EliteGroup (ECS) RS485M-M Motherboard;Foxconn Foxconn 975X7AA-8EKRS2H;Foxconn Foxconn P9657AA-8EKRS2H;Foxconn Foxconn P9657AA-8KS2H;Gigabyte GA-8I955X Pro Motherboard;Gigabyte GA-8I955X Royal Motherboard;Gigabyte GA-G1975X Motherboard;MSI 945G Neo Motherboard;MSI 945G Neo-F Motherboard;MSI 945G Platinum Motherboard;MSI 945GM2 H-F Motherboard;MSI 945GM2-F / 945GM2-FI / 945GM2-FR Motherboard;MSI 945P Neo Motherboard;MSI 945P Neo-F Motherboard;MSI 945P Neo2-F Motherboard;MSI 945P Platinum Motherboard;MSI 955X Platinum Motherboard;MSI 975X Platinum Motherboard;MSI K9A Platinum Motherboard;MSI K9N Diamond Motherboard;MSI K9N Platinum Motherboard;MSI K9N SLI Motherboard;MSI K9N SLI Platinum Motherboard;MSI K9N Ultra Motherboard;MSI K9NGM Motherboard;MSI K9NGM2 Motherboard;MSI K9NU Neo Motherboard;MSI K9SGM Motherboard;MSI K9VGM Motherboard;MSI P4N Diamond Motherboard;MSI P4N SLI Motherboard;MSI P4N SLI-FI Motherboard;Shuttle XPC SN27P2.
D5643179	AOpen continues as the company of choice for PC components and peripherals in the distribution channel. AOpen is an established market leader, from motherboards to monitors, to multimedia add-on cards, and more. With AOpen products you are guaranteed the latest in technology development at competitive prices. And because AOpen controls design and manufacturing, from the drawing board to the finished product, the quality of that product is ensured.PRODUCT FEATURES:FlexATX/MicroATX Slim Housing;Smart slide-in back brackets, screwless;Good thermal & EMI solution;Equipped with 200W (support P4 CPU) high efficiency switching power supply;Expansion capacity with 4 low-profile slots and 3 drive bays;Bend-in edges ensure safe assembly and installation;Complies with FCC Class B, DoC, and CE.
D5644425	The A-DATA PD2 is a removable flash disk with USB 2.0 "High Speed" standard connection. PD2 has a plug-n-play function. As a result of its small and convenient size, users can carry it easily anywhere for data storage. PD2 dramatically eliminates the inconvenience of carrying notebooks all around for important data storage!
D5644426	The A-DATA PD2 is a removable flash disk with USB 2.0 "High Speed" standard connection. PD2 has a plug-n-play function. As a result of its small and convenient size, users can carry it easily anywhere for data storage. PD2 dramatically eliminates the inconvenience of carrying notebooks all around for important data storage!
D5644652	AOpen barebone chassis feature precise mechanical construction and are ready for FCC system approval. These cases reflect AOpen's commitment to quality and offer resellers a way to build systems of superior quality. Combine AOpen cases with industry-leading AOpen motherboards to get the best fit.PRODUCT FEATURES:FlexATX/MicroATX/ATX Mid-tower;High expansion capacity-7 slots and 7 drive bays;Bend-in edges ensure safe assembly and installation;Complies with FCC Class B, DoC, and CE;Sliding-in/out side covers that make assembly easier;Smart slide-in back bracket with no screws needed.
D5644849	The product is the world's smallest 5-button optical mouse with pre-programmed buttons. The 4th and 5th buttons function as the Internet forward-page and backward-page controls without the need for a software driver. Compact design and retractable USB cable make this space-saving mouse ideal for travel and kids.
D5646568	Targus' goal is to enhance your lifestyle by offering innovative and quality products, as well as continuing to listen and respond to its customers.
D5647111	Sugo pack is the perfect bag to protect and carry Sugo series and other type of SFF enclosures. It provides an ample L shape opening with double Velcro straps for secure and ease of handling, and added Piggy Back feature for keyboard storage. The stylish and durable nylon bag with distinctive SilverStone logo is thoughtfully padded to cushion the case from the possibility of bumps and scratches. A number of side pockets with abundant rooms will help carry all peripherals one might need accompanying their systems.
D5649079	Barracuda ES is a new family of high-capacity enterprise drives, providing 50 percent more storage space than comparable drives in the same system form factor. Barracuda ES drives leverage unparalleled Seagate enterprise technology to deliver the industry's highest 7200-RPM reliability for 24x7 business-critical applications.
D5651988	Two computers. One monitor. No Problem. Business professionals who bring home their laptops spend countless evenings in front of a small display and cramped keyboard. Thanks to Switch2 for PC, you can now use your big monitor and full-sized keyboard for both your laptop and home computer. It's simple. Just press the remote to switch your monitor from one computer to the next. Switch2 for PC is also great for connecting your old and new desktop computers, so you can access files and programs effortlessly using the same monitor, keyboard, and mouse.
D5651990	Two computers. One monitor. No Problem. Business professionals who bring home their laptops spend countless evenings in front of a small display and cramped keyboard. Thanks to Switch2 for PC, you can now use your big monitor and full-sized keyboard for both your laptop and home computer. It's simple. Just press the remote to switch your monitor from one computer to the next. Switch2 for PC is also great for connecting your old and new desktop computers, so you can access files and programs effortlessly using the same monitor, keyboard, and mouse.
D5652088	Barracuda ES is a new family of high-capacity enterprise drives, providing 50 percent more storage space than comparable drives in the same system form factor. Barracuda ES drives leverage unparalleled Seagate enterprise technology to deliver the industry's highest 7200-RPM reliability for 24x7 business-critical applications.
D5654587	Your Acer computer is renowned for its reliability. But if a problem occurs, you can be sure of prompt and responsive service for maximum uptime. Because Acer knows that your business depends on everything running smoothly, it is committed to delivering the highest levels of service and support.
D5655942	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.
D5655943	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.
D5660583	Introducing the NZXT Apollo, the perfect combination of cooling, value and design. The Apollo features a steel chassis, two standard 120mm fans, and support for the latest technology like FireWire, and Intel HD and AC 97 Audio Support for 7.1 and 5.1 sound systems.
D5660592	Sohoraid SR3610 Series is a typical of external Small-RAID solution, which provides with RAID 0, 1 function and user friendly of operation feature. The SR3610 offers 2 bays of SATA hard drives.PRODUCT FEATURES:Hardware RAID Design, supports RAID 0,1;Host Interface: SATA 1.5 GHz (e-SATA port) & USB 2.0 Combo;Drive Interface: 2x 3.5" SATA 1.5 GHz;Hot Swappable Tray Module Design compatible with vary Brands of Hard Drive (RAID 1);Data Auto-Rebuilding;LCD Display;Hard Disk, Fan and Temperature failure detectors to ensure system stability;Windows-based GUI software;Standard Interface, no extra driver required.
D5663595	Windows XP Home Edition sets a new standard for performance and reliability. If you demand the most from your operating system, this version of Windows was designed for you.Windows XP Home Edition gives you the freedom to experience more than you ever thought possible with your computer and the Internet. This is the operating system home users have been waiting for - because it offers serious speed and serious stability, so you can have serious fun.
D5665849	The CA-01 is an ATX / EATX Bigtower / Miniserver, robust and space saving with lockable side panel and front door. It offers a maximum of expandability through 10 internal 3.5" bays and a way of installation for Redundant PSUs and overall 7 chassis fans.
D5674710	Logitech's X-140 stereo speakers feature dynamic, real-time bass equalization to maximize low frequency response while minimizing distortion. Use the convenient 3.5 mm auxiliary input to connect your portable MP3 or CD player, and customize your audio balance with easy-to-reach tone and volume controls.
D5676749	The ICY BOX IB-861-B is a 5,25" docking station in black with blue panel lighting, USB 2.0 Hub, Firewire 1394a, Audio & 5V/12V power interface and 50-in-1 Multi Card Reader.
D5678867	Give your workplace more color. The Snappy mouse with its intensive color and the blue illuminated scroll wheel will be the eye-catcher on any desk. The optical sensor guarantees precise and fluent scanning. Simply plug it into the USB port. You are not required to install any drivers.
D5681201	Latest to the USB range of devices from Verbatim, this Hi-Speed Store'n'Go USB 2.0 Drive is an innovative way to store, share and transport your data. Plug it into any USB port, drag and drop your files and simply carry it with to and from your home, office or anywhere you travel. The Hi-Speed Store'n'Go USB 2.0 Drive provides a password-protected feature to ensure privacy of sensitive data and information.
D5683910	The X-540 speakers use FDD2 (Frequency Directed Dual Driver) technology to produce a uniform soundfield anywhere in the room. Immerse yourself in the game using the selectable matrix mode, which automatically creates 5.1 surround sound from common 2-channel stereo sources. The compact satellites are wall-mountable, and a special clip lets you place the center channel speaker on top of most flat-panel monitors to reduce desktop clutter. Use the wired control center to control volume and bass levels or connect headphones to enjoy your games and music privately.
D5683916	The Logitech G11 gaming keyboard features blue-backlit characters, 18 programmable G keys, and convenient media control buttons so you can play all night long. Create custom macros for your games and access them with a single keystroke. Reduce clutter by routing cables through the convenient under-keyboard channels. Swap gaming controls easily by plugging into the two full-speed USB ports. And never worry about getting dropped out of the action if you press the Windows key; the built-in Gaming Mode switch disables it with one touch.
D5683917	If you are a professional typist or simply prefer a split-key layout, this desktop offers tremendous advantages. You'll enjoy the personalized comfort of this unique keyboard, plus superior navigating and editing with the ultra-precise laser mouse. Now you can now work with complete wireless freedom and one-touch efficiency, more easily than you ever imagined.
D5683918	Take advantage of all your PC's great media and communication capabilities in first-class comfort and style. Working with Windows Vista, the Cordless Desktop MX 3200 Laser makes it easy to access advanced features such as Dynamic Search and DocFlip. Enjoy ultra-precise navigation with the high-resolution laser mouse, and easy Internet call management with convenient one-touch controls.
D5683920	The Logitech ChillStream technology helps keep your hands cool when gaming gets really intense. Three speed settings allow you to adjust the ventilation force on the integrated fan. No matter what you play, or how you game, ChillStream lets you play longer, play harder, play cooler!
D5683924	The world's most advanced keyboard, the ultra-slim diNovo Edge delivers ultimate feel and response with the PerfectStroke key system that eliminates slippage and makes every keystroke precise and fluid. A new take on cursor control, the revolutionary TouchDisc extends your control over the digital desktop with hyper-speed scrolling and intuitive navigation. Advanced Li-ion batteries charge faster and last longer in combination with a slim charging base that doubles as a stand. Hidden controls and one-touch access to your digital media make diNovo Edge the perfect companion for your Media Center PC. Bluetooth wireless ensures seamless, secure operation from up to 10 meters.
D5683928	Simulator-grade force feedback. Rock-solid 900 degree steering. Six-speed shifter. With the Logitech G25 Racing Wheel, you're not playing games anymore - you're racing! The 28cm (11") leather-covered wheel has a stainless steel frame for superior rigidity. The dual-motor force feedback mechanism sports two sets of steel ball bearings for smooth, tight steering and superior force effects. Precision stainless steel accelerator, brake and clutch pedals let you elevate your driving to an art form. Components can be bolted down for exceptional sturdiness - Now it's not the wheel's fault if you don't win.
D5685596	Navigate with High Definition optical accuracy and wireless freedom. Work in comfort with this ergonomically designed mouse - with no software, it's easy to use and set up.
D5688243	SAMSUNG Color Laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology. While high-capacity toner decreases cost per print and increases uptime.
D5688244	A picture worth a thousand words... Samsung original toner produces near original quality with smooth image printing that far outshines the alternative. Make your photos count with clarity that clearly matters. And a simple advantage in output makes your choice clear. The printed sheet output of a non-original cartridge is at best 33% lower than an original cartridge.
D5688245	SAMSUNG Color Laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology. While high-capacity toner decreases cost per print and increases uptime.
D5688246	A picture worth a thousand words... Samsung original toner produces near original quality with smooth image printing that far outshines the alternative. Make your photos count with clarity that clearly matters. And a simple advantage in output makes your choice clear. The printed sheet output of a non-original cartridge is at best 33% lower than an original cartridge.
D5688247	A picture worth a thousand words... Samsung original toner produces near original quality with smooth image printing that far outshines the alternative. Make your photos count with clarity that clearly matters. And a simple advantage in output makes your choice clear. The printed sheet output of a non-original cartridge is at best 33% lower than an original cartridge.
D5688249	A picture worth a thousand words... Samsung original toner produces near original quality with smooth image printing that far outshines the alternative. Make your photos count with clarity that clearly matters. And a simple advantage in output makes your choice clear. The printed sheet output of a non-original cartridge is at best 33% lower than an original cartridge.
D5688250	A picture worth a thousand words... Samsung original toner produces near original quality with smooth image printing that far outshines the alternative. Make your photos count with clarity that clearly matters. And a simple advantage in output makes your choice clear. The printed sheet output of a non-original cartridge is at best 33% lower than an original cartridge.
D5688251	A picture worth a thousand words... Samsung original toner produces near original quality with smooth image printing that far outshines the alternative. Make your photos count with clarity that clearly matters. And a simple advantage in output makes your choice clear. The printed sheet output of a non-original cartridge is at best 33% lower than an original cartridge.
D5688252	A picture worth a thousand words... Samsung original toner produces near original quality with smooth image printing that far outshines the alternative. Make your photos count with clarity that clearly matters. And a simple advantage in output makes your choice clear. The printed sheet output of a non-original cartridge is at best 33% lower than an original cartridge.
D5688253	A picture worth a thousand words... Samsung original toner produces near original quality with smooth image printing that far outshines the alternative. Make your photos count with clarity that clearly matters. And a simple advantage in output makes your choice clear. The printed sheet output of a non-original cartridge is at best 33% lower than an original cartridge.
D5688254	Samsung ML-3560 series print cartridges are specifically designed for small-to-medium sized business and corporate users to ensure print quality with crisp, dark output from the first page to the last page. The easy-to-install cartridge and advanced TonerSave functionality provide cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D5688255	Samsung ML-3560 series print cartridges are specifically designed for small-to-medium sized business and corporate users to ensure print quality with crisp, dark output from the first page to the last page. The easy-to-install cartridge and advanced TonerSave functionality provide cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D5688256	Advanced toner formulation and cartridge design complement technology in the Samsung ML-6060D6 to ensure a new level of print quality consistently over the life of the supply and from cartridge to cartridge. These supplies ensure crisp, sharp results every time. An essential element of reliable Samsung printing, engineered to deliver consistently great results every time. By using these supplies, which are precisely matched to the Samsung printer, workgroups can count on reliable performance and precise results.
D5688257	Samsung Black Laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology. While high-capacity toner decreases cost per print and increases uptime.
D5688258	Samsung cyan color laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology.
D5688259	SAMSUNG Magenta color laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology.
D5688260	SAMSUNG yellow color laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology.
D5688261	SAMSUNG black laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology.
D5688262	SAMSUNG cyan color laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology.
D5688263	SAMSUNG magenta color laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has new advanced toner ease-for-use features and smart technology.
D5688264	SAMSUNG yellow color laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology.
D5688265	SAMSUNG black laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology.
D5688266	Samsung CLP-600 series print cartridges are specifically designed to ensure print quality with crisp, vibrant output from the first page to the last page. These easy-to-install cartridges provide cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D5688267	Samsung CLP-600 series print cartridges are specifically designed to ensure print quality with crisp, vibrant output from the first page to the last page. These easy-to-install cartridges provide cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D5688268	Samsung CLP-600 series print cartridges are specifically designed to ensure print quality with crisp, vibrant output from the first page to the last page. These easy-to-install cartridges provide cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D5688269	Samsung color laser supplies are designed to maximize your printer's performance. You'll enjoy top performance, total reliability, and impressive color quality every time you print. Their unique design and advanced technology offer easy-to-use features that make it easy to produce professional results at home or in the office.
D5688270	Purchase genuine Samsung supplies for all your printing needs. You will be guaranteed the best quality, reliability and performance without sacrificing the useful life of your printer. Samsung is a leader in the printing industry with numerous patents and innovative designs. Samsung supplies are highly engineered, allowing for a consistent printed output for years to come.
D5688271	Work better! SAMSUNG ML-3050B original toner cartridge offers best value with high yield. Low CPP helps your budget on business. It has high technology proven printing solutions. High quality is our way. It gives black blacker. Get the most benefit from SAMSUNG printing.
D5688628	With simple setup and one-touch calling, the Microsoft LifeCam VX-1000 makes it easier than ever to see and hear your friends and family over the Internet.
D5688631	Windows XP Home Edition sets a new standard for performance and reliability. If you demand the most from your operating system, this version of Windows was designed for you.Windows XP Home Edition gives you the freedom to experience more than you ever thought possible with your computer and the Internet. This is the operating system home users have been waiting for - because it offers serious speed and serious stability, so you can have serious fun.
D5689661	With Tunes Explorer Wireless, users can now enjoy wireless control over the contents of their iTunes Library, whether on PC or Mac. The backlit blue LCD display and side-mounted spinning wheel allow for simple navigation, enabling users to play any music track at the touch of a button, without even a glance at their computer; the slim line remote provides user-friendly visualization and navigation features. It has also been designed so that it can be conveniently held and used in just one hand.Tunes Explorer Wireless features Radio Frequency (RF) technology. The remote is supplied with a miniature radio transmitter that simply connects to the computer. This wireless connection enables users to navigate and play music files, from all over the house be it the bathroom, the balcony or the bedroom. In addition, you can now safely let your friends play your music for an evening because your music files are protected!
D5691299	APC Smart-UPS RT is a family of high-density, performance UPSs for voice and data networks, medical labs, and light industrial applications. 6U form factor allows standardization across multiple applications. High power internal chargers allow virtually unlimited additional matching battery packs to comply with aggressive runtime demands of business-critical systems. Customers with harsh power environments looking for extremely tight voltage and frequency regulation, internal bypass, and input power factor correction typical of double conversion online topology will get them in the Smart-UPS RT.
D5692332	This ProSafe 802.11g Wireless VPN Firewall 8 offers wired and wireless connectivity and business class protection for small office and remote/branch office users. It combines five functions in a single, compact package - Stateful Packet Inspection (SPI) firewall, 802.11g wireless access point, IPSec Virtual Private Network (VPN) appliance, NAT router, and eight-port Fast Ethernet switch. Powerful and standards-based, it delivers both 10 and 100 Mbps connections for wired devices, plus 802.11b/g devices and speeds up to 108 Mbps. This complete solution offers high-performance features in a space-saving, easy-to-use design.
D5692520	This flat-style keyboard gives you all functions you need nowadays. Besides the normal keyboard function it also gives you a card reader and a USB Hub. An ideal way to avoid chaos on your desk.
D5698198	FRITZ!WLAN USB Stick connects your computer to your FRITZ!Box WLAN, or any other WLAN router that supports the current IEEE 802.11b and 802.11g standards, quickly, securely, and conveniently. Its compact design, remarkably easy installation, and unbreakable WPA2 encryption provide WLAN surfing enjoyment. Support for the 802.11g++ WLAN mode (125 Mbit/s) permits up to 35% faster user data throughput.
D5708581	Whether in homes, factories, offices, airports, or on the street, it's hard to imagine a place where Philips is absent. What Philips wants is to make your life and work easier - and more fun! And Philips continuously explores new ways to improve products and to offer innovative products to its consumers. Philips. "Let's Make Things Better".
D5708584	Whether in homes, factories, offices, airports, or on the street, it's hard to imagine a place where Philips is absent. What Philips wants is to make your life and work easier - and more fun! And Philips continuously explores new ways to improve products and to offer innovative products to its consumers. Philips. "Let's Make Things Better".
D5708585	Whether in homes, factories, offices, airports, or on the street, it's hard to imagine a place where Philips is absent. What Philips wants is to make your life and work easier - and more fun! And Philips continuously explores new ways to improve products and to offer innovative products to its consumers. Philips. "Let's Make Things Better".
D5716632	The ML-D4550A black toner provides excellent value and generates quality print results every time.
D5716633	Samsung is one of the top-ten electronics manufacturers in the world and an acknowledged leader in the digital convergence revolution. Since its inception in 1969, Samsung has successfully transitioned from an analog driven product line to a cutting-edge and award-winning digital innovator.
D5716634	Samsung CLP-300 series print cartridges are specifically designed to ensure print quality with crisp, vibrant output from the first page to the last page. These easy-to-install cartridges provide cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D5716635	Samsung CLP-300 series print cartridges are specifically designed to ensure print quality with crisp, vibrant output from the first page to the last page. These easy-to-install cartridges provide cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D5716636	Samsung CLP-300 series print cartridges are specifically designed to ensure print quality with crisp, vibrant output from the first page to the last page. These easy-to-install cartridges provide cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D5716637	Samsung CLP-300 series print cartridges are specifically designed to ensure print quality with crisp, vibrant output from the first page to the last page. These easy-to-install cartridges provide cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D5718350	Samsung SCX-D5530B original toner cartridge is built for high quality print. It is designed for the state-of-art MFP, SCX-5530FN. This gives high yields for the abundant values. The users are cordially invited for Samsung's best printing solutions.
D5718351	Samsung SCX-D5530A original toner cartridge is built for high quality print. It is designed for the state-of-art MFP, SCX-5530FN. This gives high yields for the abundant values. The users are cordially invited for Samsung's best printing solutions.
D5718368	The Micro USB 4-Port Hub is one of the most compact and lightweight designs on the market. It is the perfect solution for any mobile user, enabling the connection of multiple USB devices that support full-speed (12 Mbps) and low-speed (1.5 Mbps) data transmitting rates. Complying with the USB 1.1 specifications the Micro USB 4-Port Hub is ideal for the majority of PC's (desktop and notebook) that are equipped with a USB 1.1 compliant port. The hub has no cable and connects directly to the USB port of the PC, Pocket PC, Tablet PC or Handheld PC. With no external power requirements, what could be simpler?
D5718455	This RaidSonic ICY BOX is the world's first trayless Mobile Rack for 3.5" SATA (I & II) HDDs, for direct HDD swapping without mounting, with SATA interface.
D5719293	All too often design is overlooked when putting together gaming packs for girls. Now, with fashion in mind, Thrustmaster has created the "T-Pack Girls" for DS Lite, a unique accessory pack inspired by the hottest fashion trends which users will be eager to show off. Perfect for the fashion-conscious girl gamers on the go. It features a denim mini-handbag to carry the DS Lite and includes the essential add-ons such as a pair of earphones, a sequined stylus and more. The "T-Pack Girls" also contains a backlit recharging base, a USB recharging cable, a dust-repellent protection kit and two anti-scratch screen protection films.The bag includes a shoulder strap in a funky shade of green supporting a small carry case which can be used for accessories or a mobile phone. For added fun factor 8 cool sticky transfers are included featuring funky designs which can be applied anywhere.
D5719295	PRODUCT FEATURES:Groundbreaking controller with 7 progressive axesOptical wheel with Self-Centering SystemDual triggerUnique fully programmable buttonsUnique "mapping" and "preset" functionsInternal memory (unique for all platforms)3 in 1 controller
D5719298	Guillemot Corporation is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of interactive leisure hardware and accessories. One of the largest companies in its field worldwide, Guillemot offers a wide range of products under the Hercules and Thrustmaster brand names. The Guillemot's mission is to offer innovative, high-quality products to intensify the sensations experienced by gamers and the enjoyment they derive from gaming. With its internal research and development teams, Guillemot's engineers produce first-rate technical solutions and product designs in order to offer the best possible price/enjoyment and price/performance ratios to its customers.
D5721036	CHIEFTEC's newest chassis combines multiple customer preferences and the consequent future trend of CHIEFTEC typical innovations. Barely no other Miditower chassis is able to take up ATX and EATX size mainboards, eight HDDs and two optional fans.
D5721723	Samsung print cartridges are specifically designed to ensure print quality with crisp, vibrant output from the first page to the last page. These easy-to-install cartridges provide cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D5721724	Purchase genuine Samsung supplies for all your printing needs. You will be guaranteed the best quality, reliability and performance without sacrificing the useful life of your printer. Samsung is a leader in the printing industry with numerous patents and innovative designs. Samsung supplies are highly engineered, allowing for a consistent printed output for years to come.
D5721725	The Samsung SCX-4100D3 print cartridge offers High print quality, consistent performance, easy-to-use design, and a robust page yield for improved workflow and added value. This print cartridge is designed together with the Samsung printer for crisp, sharp, professional results. Innovative toner and cartridge design make them reliable and easy to use and maintain.
D5721726	The Samsung SCX-4216D3 print cartridge offers High print quality, consistent performance, easy-to-use design, and a robust page yield for improved workflow and added value. This print cartridge is designed together with the Samsung printer for crisp, sharp, professional results. Innovative toner and cartridge design make them reliable and easy to use and maintain.
D5721727	The Samsung SCX-4521D3 print cartridges are economical cartridges for excellent print value for low-volume users and specifically designed to assure optimal print quality with crisp, dark output from first print to last. The easy-to-install cartridge and advanced toner work with the multi-function printer for cost-effect, reliable operation and sharp, professional results as always.
D5721728	The Samsung SCX-4720D3 print cartridge offers High print quality, consistent performance, easy-to-use design, and a robust page yield for improved workflow and added value. This print cartridge is designed together with the Samsung printer for crisp, sharp, professional results. Innovative toner and cartridge design make them reliable and easy to use and maintain.
D5721729	Purchase genuine Samsung supplies for all your printing needs. You will be guaranteed the best quality, reliability and performance without sacrificing the useful life of your printer. Samsung is a leader in the printing industry with numerous patents and innovative designs. Samsung supplies are highly engineered, allowing for a consistent printed output for years to come.
D5721730	Samsung print cartridges are specifically designed to ensure print quality with crisp, vibrant output from the first page to the last page. These easy-to-install cartridges provide cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D5721732	Purchase genuine Samsung supplies for all your printing needs. You will be guaranteed the best quality, reliability and performance without sacrificing the useful life of your printer. Samsung is a leader in the printing industry with numerous patents and innovative designs. Samsung supplies are highly engineered, allowing for a consistent printed output for years to come.
D5721734	The Samsung SCX-D4200A print cartridge offers high print quality, consistent performance, easy-to-use design, and a robust page yield for improved workflow and added value. This print cartridge is designed together with the Samsung printer for crisp, sharp, professional results. Especially, SCX-D4200A cartridge has an advanced imaging printout quality in terms of sharpness and gray.
D5721735	Advanced toner formulation and cartridge design consistently over the life of the supply and from cartridge to cartridge. These supplies ensure crisp, sharp results every time. An essential element of reliable Samsung printing, engineered to deliver consistently great results every time. By using these supplies, which are precisely matched to the Samsung printer, workgroups can count on reliable performance and precise results.
D5721736	Purchase genuine Samsung supplies for all your printing needs. You will be guaranteed the best quality, reliability and performance without sacrificing the useful life of your printer. Samsung is a leader in the printing industry with numerous patents and innovative designs. Samsung supplies are highly engineered, allowing for a consistent printed output for years to come.
D5721737	Samsung print cartridges are specifically designed to ensure print quality with crisp, vibrant output from the first page to the last page. These easy-to-install cartridges provide cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D5726691	This RaidSonic ICY BOX is the world's first trayless Mobile Rack for 3.5" SATA (I & II) HDDs with cooling fan, for direct HDD swapping without mounting, with SATA interface.
D5726758	The ultimate in reliability and recording performance is yours with Verbatim CD-R media. These advanced discs enable you to take full advantage of today's CD-R burners. With Verbatim CD-R media, you'll enjoy error-free performance even at the highest read/write speeds. Verbatim CD-R discs also feature an advanced surface coating that protects from scratches that can damage the recording layer.
D5728096	With advancements in technology, a new dawn has come for the lifestyle of the human race and world has now entered a Digital Age. Yet the relentless progress of technology seems to have allowed cold logic to overshadow people's search for spiritual fulfillment. HANNS.G sees that consumers are wishing for quality in their life so functional technology is now gifted with a rich palette of colors thanks to design aesthetics. HANNS.G products symbolize the spirit of Go Beyond to provide consumers with a whole new experience of technology; with its user-friendly interface, clean design and exceptional quality, it has surpassed consumer expectations and existing market standards. The aesthetics of technology have been redefined, creating a perfect combination of the sensible with sensual within the products from HANNS.G.
D5729074	RangeMax NEXT Wireless Access Point extends your home or small business network by providing high-speed access up to 300Mbps with Gigabit wired support at the backend. RangeMax NEXT WN802T is compliant with draft 802.11n. This next generation wireless standard utilizes advanced MIMO (Multi-In, Multi-Out) technology, which delivers incredible speed and range, and for the first time provides wireless interoperability at the highest speeds with other products with TopDog.A RangeMax NEXT wireless network creates and maintains stable connections and enough bandwidth to surf the Internet, download emails, make Internet phone calls, share files, and stream high-definition videos, simultaneously at any distance or location in the SOHO. Because RangeMax NEXT is compatible with all legacy b and g wireless products, you are sure to be connected. The RangeMax NEXT Wireless Access Point connects to any router to extend your network.Preset internal antennas and 11n-True Test, high-performance testing and tuning, provides maximum performance and high-quality streaming every time. Touchless WiFi Security makes creating the highest level of network security easy and includes WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK. Setup is simple and secure.
D5730821	Do more and carry less with the first ever Notebook Mouse with integrated slide presenter, laser pointer, and media remote control. It's an all-in-one super tool for the office, road, and home - the only input device you need.
D5731865	The mission of Teac is to effectively develop, manufacture, market and support a diversity of innovative, technologically advanced devices that benefit customers and contribute to the profitability of the company. Teac's vision is to be recognized as a responsive, global supplier of consistently high-quality products that enhance the capabilities and fulfill the needs of those who use them.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB interface (USB full-speed mode);Super slim & lightweight;Hi speed data transfer: 1Mbps.
D5739778	Marketing description is not available.
D5739779	Mini Optical Mouse line can stretch up to 31 inches, flexible and convenient, extendibility and extractability. Mini Optical Mouse suitable for kids, ladies or travelers.
D5741723	The 4-port PS/2 Audio KVM Switch lets you control multimedia PCs with just one keyboard, monitor, mouse, microphone and a set of speakers. The KVM switch not only allows you to share your monitor, keyboard and mouse but you can also share microphone and speakers. With just a simple press of a button, this KVM switch eliminates the hassle of cable swapping and switching between 4 PCs. With its Hot-Plug, Auto-Scan and Hot-Key operating features, the TK-408K is the perfect choice for managing 4 PCs. Separate KVM cables are included.
D5746011	The S96 Optical Wheel Mouse delivers market-leading optical performance from Logitech, and outstanding user comfort in a newly-designed, sculpted shape. Its industry standard black color will coordinate with contemporary dark PC systems. PS2-only connector.
D5746982	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D5760948	TerraTec is an innovative company that benefits above all from the expertise of its highly motivated employees and its swift response to new trends with market-ready products.
D5762840	From the manufacturer of the "World's Most Awarded Memory" comes the Corsair HX Series Power Supply. With that same legendary focus on the performance and reliability, Corsair has engineered the HX Series to support even the most demanding of systems. The Corsair HX Series incorporates the most advanced technology to deliver reliable, continuous, and efficient power to all critical system components. The HX Series is the ideal power supply for high performance and gaming PCs, Audio/Video workstations, and file servers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Detachable modular cable set;Supports the latest ATX12V v2.2 and EPS12V 2.91 standards and is backwards compatible with ATX12V 2.01 systems;Guaranteed compatibility with dual-GPU configurations;Double forward switching circuitry design offers high efficiency, up to 80% under wide load range;Active Power Factor Correction with PF value=0.99 provides clean and reliable power to your system;Universal AC input 90~264V automatically scans and detects the correct voltage. No more hassle of flipping that tiny red switch!;Ultra quiet 120mm double ball-bearing fan delivers excellent airflow at an exceptionally low noise level by varying the RPM in response to temperature;Guaranteed to deliver rated specifications at 50ºC;Triple 12V Rails provide independent reliable power to the CPU, video card and other components with a combined rating of 50A (40A on 520W) maximum! Advanced circuitry design that automatically enables power sharing between the triple +12V rails in an event of overload on any single +12V rail;Powerful +5Vsb rail with 3A rating;Over Current/Voltage/Power Protection, Under Voltage Protection, and Short Circuit Protection provide maximum safety for your critical system components;105ºC rated industrial grade capacitors provide uncompromised performance and reliability, delivering 4 times the lifespan of conventional 85ºC rated capacitors;Enhanced modular flexible cables enable easier cable routing and increased airflow in the system;Gold Plated connectors provide oxide free ultra low-resistance contact between the power supply and your critical components;8 Serial ATA connectors (4 on 520W).
D5762841	With legendary focus on the performance and reliability, Corsair has engineered the HX Series to support even the most demanding of systems. The Corsair HX Series incorporates the most advanced technology to deliver reliable, continuous, and efficient power to all critical system components. The HX Series is the ideal power supply for high performance and gaming PCs, Audio/Video workstations, and file servers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Detouchable modular cable set;Supports the latest ATX12V v2.2 and EPS12V 2.91 standards and is backwards compatible with ATX12V 2.01 systems;Guaranteed compatibility with dual-GPU configurations;Double forward switching circuitry design offers high efficiency, up to 80% under wide load range;Active Power Factor Correction with PF value=0.99 provides clean and reliable power to your system;Universal AC input 90~264V automatically scans and detects the correct voltage. No more hassle of flipping that tiny red switch!;Ultra quiet 120mm double ball-bearing fan delivers excellent airflow at an exceptionally low noise level by varying the RPM in response to temperature;Guaranteed to deliver rated specifications at 50ºC;Triple 12V Rails provide independent reliable power to the CPU, video card and other components with a combined rating of 50A (40A on 520W) maximum! Advanced circuitry design that automatically enables power sharing between the triple +12V rails in an event of overload on any single +12V rail;Powerful +5Vsb rail with 3A rating;Over Current/Voltage/Power Protection, Under Voltage Protection, and Short Circuit Protection provide maximum safety for your critical system components.
D5763247	Chieftecs "Giga Case" is the logical consequence of the continuous, user-oriented product development in the 'Gamer' chassis range, from gamers for gamers! The appealing and futuristic design coupled with an abundance of features and options such as the optimized air circulation owing to the two pre-installed cooling fans as well as the innovative and detailed solutions such as CD stand integrated into the upper front panel makes the Chieftec "Giga Case" a "Must Have" for everyone.PRODUCT FEATURES:CD-holder for 13 CD's;80mm blue LED fan.
D5763887	Cool-running, quiet operation, superior performance and industry-leading reliability make these next-generation WD Caviar Blue drives the perfect hard drives for desktop and enterprise storage.
D5769549	The Optical Wheel Mouse delivers market-leading optical performance from Logitech, and outstanding user comfort in a newly-designed, sculpted shape.The Logitech logo is your assurance of quality from the world's leading manufacturer of computer mice.
D5770192	The SCX-5530FN is a high performance network-ready multi-functional printer. The space-saving SCX-5530FN All-in-One provides businesses with quality laser printing, digital copying, and high-color digital scanning and faxing with exceptional features.With the SCX-5530FN, just scan documents with the printer, and save directly onto the USB memory device. You can share and transport data without the use of a PC in various formats such as PDF, JPEG, TIFF, and BMP - ideal for small businesses or educational institutions such as libraries, schools and colleges, or any other non-networked location.The SCX-5530FN is the world's fastest multi-functional printer with Fax and Duplex setting. With speeds of 28 pages per minute, 20 images per minute and 20 copies per minute, this printer can print and copy text and images side-by-side on both the long and short edge.
D5771025	The Barracuda 7200.10 is the largest, most reliable disc drive around. New perpendicular recording technology supports vertically stored data bits, enabling increased areal density - and dependability - for workstations and performance PCs.
D5771032	The Barracuda 7200.10 is the largest, most reliable disc drive around. New perpendicular recording technology supports vertically stored data bits, enabling increased areal density - and dependability - for workstations and performance PCs.
D5771033	The Barracuda 7200.10 is the largest, most reliable disc drive around. New perpendicular recording technology supports vertically stored data bits, enabling increased areal density - and dependability - for workstations and performance PCs.
D5771935	Creative's Inspire 245 speakers combine quality and value to take users beyond generic speakers. In a classic, curved design they complement the desktop and enhance the listening experience, delivering two-channel sound that's great for music and audio on the PC. They can be connected to portable audio devices and MP3 players as well as desktop and notebook PCs, and are magnetically shielded to avoid interference with monitors. Inspire 245's have integral bass ports to improve low-frequency performance, as well as separate power and volume controls to make them easy to manage in any environment.
D5782908	Connect your serial device through USB. With the Belkin USB serial adapter you connect a 9-pin serial device to a USB port of your computer.
D5783467	APC Smart-UPS RT is a family of high-density, performance UPSs for voice and data networks, medical labs, and light industrial applications. Capable of supporting 10kVA in a 6U rack/tower convertible form, users can support power hungry blade servers or heavily loaded equipment racks. This flexible form factor allows standardization across multiple applications. High power internal chargers allow virtually unlimited additional matching battery packs to comply with aggressive runtime demands of business-critical systems. Customers with harsh power environments looking for extremely tight voltage and frequency regulation, internal bypass, and input power factor correction typical of double conversion online topology will get them in the Smart-UPS RT.
D5783468	APC Smart-UPS RT is a family of high-density, performance UPSs for voice and data networks, medical labs, and light industrial applications. Capable of supporting 10kVA in a 6U rack/tower convertible form, users can support power hungry blade servers or heavily loaded equipment racks. This flexible form factor allows standardization across multiple applications. High power internal chargers allow virtually unlimited additional matching battery packs to comply with aggressive runtime demands of business-critical systems. Customers with harsh power environments looking for extremely tight voltage and frequency regulation, internal bypass, and input power factor correction typical of double conversion online topology will get them in the Smart-UPS RT.
D5791873	With more SilverStone adjustable fans now more popular than ever among enthusiasts, the release of FP33 should provide even greater user experience. Designed to fit into a 3.5" drive bay or in the expansion slot, the FP33 has three independent fan controllers to help adjust fan speeds at any combination desired in a system. As with all SilverStone products, the finish on the front panel and the knobs are of usual high-class treatment, making it a top choice for anyone looking to gain more control of their system fans.
D5791874	The FP34 is a finely crafted 3.5" drive bay device that combines a powerful card reader and a set of USB/1394/audio ports into one. With support for up to 26 different types of media card format, it is the perfect accessory for serious multimedia enthusiasts. The FP34 is also a great addition for any PC users looking to add additional front I/O ports and upgrade to High Definition audio (Azalia) connectors.
D5791875	The FP34 is a finely crafted 3.5" drive bay device that combines a powerful card reader and a set of USB/1394/audio ports into one. With support for up to 26 different types of media card format, it is the perfect accessory for serious multimedia enthusiasts. The FP34 is also a great addition for any PC users looking to add additional front I/O ports and upgrade to High Definition audio (Azalia) connectors.
D5793939	AOpen bare bone chassis feature precise mechanical construction and are ready for FCC system approval. These cases reflect AOpen's commitment to quality and offer resellers a way to build systems of superior quality.PRODUCT FEATURES:MicroATX/ATX desktop;Good expansion capability - 7 slots and 6 drive bays;Bent-in edges ensure safe assembly;Complies with FCC Class B, DoC, and CE;Smart slide-in back bracket;Support 300W or 350W(ATX 12V) all safety power supply.
D5794563	To store and play back a limitless amount of digital media content on the web, you need a drive that provides fast and reliable data transmission. Samsung offers its 3 disk technology to exceed PC users' expectation. From movies to music, Samsung SpinPoint drive answers all your AV needs with a drive that is so quiet, you won't even know it is there.
D5817023	Samsung is well aware of the fact that a company's future lies in the hands of the customer, thus customer satisfaction is considered in all matters. Samsung's business philosophy stresses providing the products that customers need, judging them from the customers' point of view, and satisfying customers with advanced technology and services. Under the corporate motto "creating new lifestyles for the world", Samsung strives to create a brighter future for people.PRODUCT FEATURES:TuMR head with wireless suspension design;Ultra ATA-100 Interface;Fluid Dynamic Bearing Spindle Motor Technology;Load/Unload Head Technology;ATA security mode feature set;ATA SMART feature set;ATA automatic acoustic management feature set;ATA device configuration overlay feature set;Multi-Burst On-The-Fly Error Correction;SilentSeek;Hybrid Latch System for reliability and quietness.
D5817118	The FM121 is a superb fan package with manual adjustable fan controller. Equipped with 9 fan blades, it offers elevated quietness and performance levels beyond traditional 7 bladed fans. Finding a perfect speed for this fan in any given application is simple on the included aluminum fan controller. Constructed out of high strength white colored plastic and polished to a smooth shine, the FM121 is the ultimate solution for any PC and HTPC enthusiasts looking to upgrade their 120mm fan.
D5819182	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:Optical mouse with MultiColor LED technology providing 7 constantly changing colors for a fancy look;Optimized design with rubber top layer for comfortable grip;800 DPI high resolution optical sensor technology for precise movement;Suitable for left and right handed users;USB connection.
D5819183	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:Optical mini mouse with Multicolor LED technology providing 7 constantly changing colors for a fancy look;Ideal for notebook users: compact design and easy to take with you thanks to retractable cable;Optimized design with rubber top layer for comfortable grip;800 DPI high resolution optical sensor technology for precise movement;Suitable for left and right handed users;USB connection.
D5819446	These days the temperature control for high-speed processors demands a reliable cooling solution, this is one of the most important issues in the computer industry today. As a manufacturer of high quality cooling solutions, Spire is able to meet the demands of the computer industry with competitively priced products.
D5820052	The Deskstar T7K500 builds on Hitachi's award winning tradition with 160GB per platter areal density technology. Consumer personal computers and mid-range servers demand high capacity and high performance storage to meet consumers digital media needs and growth ATA server application requirements. The Deskstar T7K500 meets these performance requirements and delivers the high capacity for today's applications.
D5821111	The Deskstar T7K500 builds on Hitachi's award winning tradition with 160GB per platter areal density technology. Consumer personal computers and mid-range servers demand high capacity and high performance storage to meet consumers digital media needs and growth ATA server application requirements. The Deskstar T7K500 meets these performance requirements and delivers the high capacity for today's applications.
D5822848	HyperX DDR2 memory, the next-generation evolution of DDR memory technology, is here. Like all Kingston HyperX products, HyperX DDR2 modules were specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. HyperX DDR2 offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption.
D5835175	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:Stable 850W continuous output;Four independent & dedicated +12V rails (12V1, 12V2, 12V3, 12V4) provide superior performance for PC system (combined loading of 62A);Four 6pin PCI-E connector for Multi-GPU Graphic Cards;Supports Dual Core CPU / SLI / CrossFire and the latest Quad SLI technology;Modularized Cable Management to eliminate clutter and improve airflow inside the case;Independent Voltage Circuit: offers unflappable current delivery under heavy load;Strict voltage regulation (±3%): provides steady voltage for system;Active Power Factor Correction (PF>0.99) and high efficiency (up to 87%);Industrial grade components (capacitor, transformer, etc);High reliability: MTBF>120,000 hours;Quiet and reliable 14cm ball-bearing fan;Protections: Over Current, Over Voltage, and Short-Circuit protection;Safety / EMI Approvals: CE, CB, TUV, FCC, UL, CUL, and BSMI certified.
D5836892	The 300Mbps Wireless N-Draft PCI Adapter allows you to connect wirelessly with supercharged speed, range and reliability. Wireless speeds increase up to 300Mbps when connecting to (TRENDnet) Wireless (N-Draft) access points or wireless routers. This 802.11n device seamlessly connects to your wireless network without performance degradation.
D5837296	This chassis is a must-have for the entry-level-server business. Robust and secure for you and your hardware through deburred and twice chamfered edges as well as the usage of 1mm SECC steel and the provided dust cover. Perfect for small Web-, RAS- or Dev.-server. And that for a more favorable price that you can't avoid.
D5837311	HannStar is devoted to develop niche panel and LCD-TV products; it also works with world-class companies, and expects not only to provide high quality product to the customers, but also meet people's requirements in design, functionality and appearance.
D5841767	Experience high-fidelity audio with the Creative Inspire T3100. This two-way designed speaker system features a tweeter and mid-range driver that delivers HiFi quality sound onto your desktop. Listen in greater details from cymbals, triangles or acoustic guitar, all with better warmth and character that's designed to give you a live experience that's close to reality. Enhanced with the powered wood subwoofer at 17Watts RMS and you'll begin to feel every fiber of your music.
D5841768	Enjoy rich, clear audio with the stylish Creative Inspire 265. Driven by high performance drivers in a compact design, listen to outstanding audio, whether on your MP3 player, laptop or desktop PC. Magnetically-shielded with convenient front-access controls and convenient headphone jack for private listening, the Inspire 265 makes your music sound as good as it looks.
D5841769	Experience the most engaging audio in your games and movies with the Creative Inspire T6100. The 5.1 surround speaker system features a tweeter and mid-range driver that delivers Hi-Fi quality sound onto your desktop and home theater setup. With the powerful horizontal mounted center speaker, movie dialogs become clearer and more precise, right in front of you! Supported by the well-tuned subwoofer system you'll be impressed how it sounds as good as it looks.
D5842458	With one-touch operation, integrated ink and media and a 50-sheet capacity, the stylish SELPHY ES1 makes photo printing a pleasure. Enjoy outstanding quality and a host of creative options.
D5842725	The Cinergy S USB lets you receive TV and radio in finest digital quality via satellite (DVB-S). A wide range of modern functions such as the electronic program guide, time shifting, Internet-based timer programming and much more are your ticket to a new level of convenience. Including a rich software package, remote control and one-year tvtv subscription. Connection via USB 2.0.
D5842728	Wireless Optical Technology delivers high resolution with pinpoint accuracy. Enjoy the freedom to go Wireless without any tangling wires. Enjoy a clean and organized computing environment with the NB-40 A4Tech mouse.The A4Tech BatteryFREE Wireless Optical Mouse does not need the battery to keep powered on. It works with its partner - the Ingenious Mouse Pad. The Mouse Pad transfers instant & constant power to the mouse as a replacement of batteries.The core of BatteryLESS Technology, the Ingenious Mouse Pad, transfers the power inductively and powered on the BatteryFREE Wireless Optical Mouse. The Mouse Pad is specially designed to be waterproof and does not warm or heat up after constant long period of usage. Moreover, its size is small to be portable, just the right size for mouse to operate upon.BatteryLESS Technology brings enormous benefits to the public. Consumers will never waste money and time to buy batteries again and continuously save hundreds of dollars. Not only do the consumers benefit from the BatteryLESS Technology, the natural living environment will greatly escape from preservation or pollution caused by used batteries.Distinguished Frequency Adjustable Tuning automatically solves the difference in USB voltages, and tuned to optimum frequency keeps the unit in its best status after four seconds, this always maintains a mouse that is smooth, like new. Distinguished Frequency Adjustable Tuning automatically solves the difference in USB voltages, and tuned to optimum frequency keeps the unit in its best status after four seconds, this always maintains a mouse that is smooth, like new.
D5842729	Wireless Optical Technology delivers high resolution with pinpoint accuracy. Enjoy the freedom to go Wireless without any tangling wires. Enjoy a clean and organized computing environment with the NB-40 A4Tech mouse.The A4Tech BatteryFREE Wireless Optical Mouse does not need the battery to keep powered on. It works with its partner - the Ingenious Mouse Pad. The Mouse Pad transfers instant & constant power to the mouse as a replacement of batteries.The core of BatteryLESS Technology, the Ingenious Mouse Pad, transfers the power inductively and powered on the BatteryFREE Wireless Optical Mouse. The Mouse Pad is specially designed to be waterproof and does not warm or heat up after constant long period of usage. Moreover, its size is small to be portable, just the right size for mouse to operate upon.BatteryLESS Technology brings enormous benefits to the public. Consumers will never waste money and time to buy batteries again and continuously save hundreds of dollars. Not only do the consumers benefit from the BatteryLESS Technology, the natural living environment will greatly escape from preservation or pollution caused by used batteries.Distinguished Frequency Adjustable Tuning automatically solves the difference in USB voltages, and tuned to optimum frequency keeps the unit in its best status after four seconds, this always maintains a mouse that is smooth, like new. Distinguished Frequency Adjustable Tuning automatically solves the difference in USB voltages, and tuned to optimum frequency keeps the unit in its best status after four seconds, this always maintains a mouse that is smooth, like new.
D5847775	With its crystal clear 6.3cm TFT screen and Easy-Scroll Wheel, the PIXMA mini260 makes PC-free photo printing easier than ever before. View, select, edit and print digital photos at a touch. Simply spin the Easy-Scroll Wheel to select printing options on the screen. Enhance photos automatically and achieve expert results effortlessly.Print perfect photos directly from popular memory cards and PictBridge compatible cameras and camcorders, without connecting to a PC. Also print photos directly from mobile camera phones via the IrDA interface, PictBridge port or an optional Bluetooth Unit.Produce beautiful color prints with high contrast, smooth gradations and excellent image detail. A superior 9600 x 2400dpi print resolution is achieved using Canon's FINE print head in combination with microscopic 1pl ink droplets. A wide range of Canon photo papers are supported for printing vibrant color photos with a satin or glossy finish.Print a photo lab quality 10x15cm borderless photo in approximately 59 seconds in Standard mode. Simply plug into the PictBridge port and print direct from your camera. Even enjoy fast borderless photo printing on convenient credit card size or fun photo stickers.Canon's ChromaLife100 system delivers beautiful photographs with enhanced durability up to 100 years to preserve your memories. By using the FINE print head, genuine Canon inks and genuine Canon photo papers, the system provides you with long-lasting, beautiful photos.This compact mini photo printer has a smart, stunning design. Take it anywhere with ease, using the convenient carrying handle. Or store it upright in the smallest spaces. To use the printer, simply set it flat and open up the adjustable tilting screen and paper trays. An optional battery pack and Bluetooth Unit provide truly portable printing.A USB port offers flexibility for connection to your PC or laptop, so you can store digital photos. Both Windows and Mac systems are supported.
D5847780	This compact and robust i-SENSYS laser printer delivers professional documents on demand with a 21 pages per minute print speed. Convenient top operation makes it easy to place, use and maintain. High specification features as standard ensure productive performance.A Quick First Print in less than 9 seconds and zero warm-up time means there's no waiting around. The printer springs into action the moment it's needed - due to Canon's On-Demand Fixing technology, UFRII high speed processing and high quality EF toner.PCL5e/6 support ensures seamless integration into existing PCL printing environments. Plus UFRII - Canon's own propriety PDL technology - provides superior processing speed for fast output of documents.Users can share the printer across a network with the built-in Network Interface Card. NetSpot Device Installer ensures quick and simple set up. The integrated Remote User Interface allows users and administrators to manage and monitor printer status via their standard Internet browsers.The 2400 x 600dpi enhanced print resolution delivers professional laser quality output. Get clear, sharp prints for all your work whether text or complex graphics.Cut your paper costs with automatic double-sided printing, thanks to the built-in duplex unit. You also help the environment by reducing paper usage.Simply replace the All-in-One cartridge containing toner and all essential parts and your printer is as good as new - ready to provide continuous high quality output. An optional, high yield toner cartridge allows you to print well over double the amount of pages, reducing the cost per page.A maximum paper capacity of 500 sheets - consisting of a standard 250-sheet cassette plus an optional 250-sheet cassette - handles the work of even the busiest offices. Print on a range of paper sizes up to A4.The USB 2.0 Hi-Speed interface speeds up image processing between PCs and the printer.
D5847785	This productive i-SENSYS color laser printer has a 21 pages per minute print speed in both color and mono. Stylish, compact and robust, it delivers professional quality documents quickly and quietly. A small footprint and full frontal operation makes it easy to place, use and maintain.There's no waiting around with a first printout time in 10.1 seconds and zero warm-up time. The printer springs into action the moment it's needed - due to Canon's Color On-Demand Fixing technology, Color CAPT, Hi-SCoA and superior quality S toner.The 9600 x 600dpi enhanced print resolution delivers high quality professional laser output. Get vivid, contrasting colors and sharp details for all your work - whether text, photos or complex graphics.Cost-effective All-in-One color cartridges ensure continuous high quality output. Simply replace the compact cartridge - containing superior S toner, drum and cleaning units - and the printer is as good as new. There's no mess and no maintenance worries. You can check toner levels at a glance thanks to the frontal, toner level gauge.The built-in Network Interface Card allows users to share the printer across a network. Set up is quick and simple using the NetSpot Device Installer. The integrated Remote User Interface lets users and administrators manage and monitor printer status via their Internet browsers.Enjoy convenient automatic double-sided printing and cut down on your paper costs. You also help the environment by reducing paper usage.A maximum paper capacity of 850 sheets handles the work of even the busiest print environments. This consists of a 250-sheet cassette and a convenient 100-sheet multi-purpose tray as standard - plus an optional 500-sheet cassette. Print on a range of sizes up to A4.The USB 2.0 Hi-Speed interface speeds up image processing between PCs and the printer.
D5847790	Canon Easy Photo Pack is an integrated ink and paper cartridge that enables simple setup before printing and more convenient paper replacement.
D5847791	Canon Easy Photo Pack is an integrated ink and paper cartridge that enables simple setup before printing and more convenient paper replacement.
D5847792	Canon Easy Photo Pack is an integrated ink and paper cartridge that enables simple setup before printing and more convenient paper replacement.
D5847793	Canon Easy Photo Pack is an integrated ink and paper cartridge that enables simple setup before printing and more convenient paper replacement.
D5847858	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.PRODUCT FEATURES:Four independent 12V rails;Patented design device extension cables;Complies with the latest ATX form factor;Fully compatible with AMD 64 bit and Intel LGA processors;Active Power Factor Correction (PFC);Disc Scanning protection, PS off time 2ms;Gold Plated connectors for minimum power consumption and optimal conductivity.
D5847891	The Dominator Series Twin2X2048-8500C5D is a 2048 MByte matched pair of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15. The Twin2X2048-8500C5D comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the open standard for performance module SPD's jointly developed by Corsair and NVIDIA. EPP SPD's on Corsair modules allow users to automatically configure EPP enabled motherboards with aggressive memory performance settings, for maximum memory and system performance. Performance of these modules incorporating DHX can be further enhanced by using the optional Dominator Airflow Fan, for even more cooling and protection.
D5849118	The NOXON iRadio gives you free access to thousands of Internet radio stations worldwide. Chill to relaxed electronic from the world's most mellow DJs. Experience the latest in US college radio, Chinese dance tracks or Swedish metal. Get fresh information from home anywhere in the world, or delve into music and talk radio from faraway lands. Whatever you do, the compact radio design of the NOXON iRadio makes new listening opportunities as uncomplicated as possible.Switch on the NOXON iRadio and a wizard integrates it into your existing network. Configure a few settings, and the full range of Internet radios is at your fingertips. The stations are sorted according to countries and genres to help you keep an overview while exploring. The NOXON iRadio also makes the music on the hard drive of your computer available anywhere in the house. Simply install the included software for Windows, Mac or Linux to read all of the required title information from the MP3 and WMA files on your computer. The neatly sorted songs will be available immediately for wireless listening!The NOXON iRadio is simple and intuitive to use. All of its functions can be controlled either from the included remote, or using buttons directly on the device. Its integrated display provides all the information you need. The integrated speaker delivers solid bass and clean treble.
D5852479	ZM-NC1000 has a sleek design incorporating a high quality 3mm thick aluminum panel with a fine curvature and great cooling performance. Its rubber grip strip prevents the notebook from sliding. It is ergonomically designed to minimize user fatigue. 679 high capacity vent holes evenly distribute the flow of cold air to cool the entire notebook. Optimized ventilation structure and aerodynamic design provide excellent performance even during low noise level operation.In addition the ZM-NC1000 has two centrifugal fans for consistent high air pressure and fast cooling performance and Fan speed adjustable to accommodate the user's environment.
D5856283	Corsair Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices. The Value Select line is qualified for major current desktop systems.
D5856284	DOMINATOR Airflow fan is designed to be matched with the DOMINATOR heat sinks and allows even more heat to be removed from the DHX XMS2 DOMINATOR modules. The DOMINATOR Airflow fan unit contains three 40mm tachometer-controlled fans to provide impinging airflow to the memory subsystem. With the moderate RPMs required to provide adequate forced air the DOMINATOR Airflow fan is nearly silent.
D5861498	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:High-tech and modern molding;Auto & Manual mode switch;4 sets of temperature probe;4 sets of alarm temperature setting;Available for reading both fan speed and temperature at the same time;To monitor and control 4 different components' fan speeds and temperature;Intelligent cable sleeving;Blue back light LCD display;Precision Electronic Button Control.
D5865607	The Targus camera case is designed to fit most medium / large point and shoot digital cameras. The padded interior and zippered closure help to protect the camera while traveling. This case features a detachable wrist strap and belt loop that can snap onto a belt, purse or backpack. The interior includes additional pockets to store batteries, flash memory and other photography accessories. The exterior features a zippered front pocket and a webbed compartment on the back for added storage. This case is the perfect way to protect a consumer-level camera between photo shoots.
D5865685	Office Professional 2007 is a complete, easy-to-use suite of productivity and information management software to help business professionals save time and stay organized. Powerful features centralize customer, sales and project information in one place so users can respond more quickly to opportunities. Enhanced tools help create professional-quality business and marketing publications, documents and presentations in-house.
D5866005	HP LaserJet Cartridges are ideal when productivity counts. When you produce dependable, low-maintenance prints every time, you are at an advantage - fewer interruptions means time saved and a more efficient working practice.
D5866062	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5867229	Maximizes heat transfer by eliminating any minute air gaps between the heat source and the heat sink caused by their irregular surfaces. The brush applicator attached to the cap enables easy application. The cap-tightened bottle can preserve the thermal grease for up to 10 applications.
D5869429	techsolo is manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer periphery devices for the European market.
D5869474	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5871160	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:High quality 420-Watt power supply unit for powering your computer;Extra large fan for optimal cooling with lower noise;Noise level less than 26 dB(A);24/20 pins mainboard power connector;6x peripheral, 2x floppy drive, 2 x S-ATA;4-pin 12V connector.
D5871165	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB2 webcam with high 4 megapixel (2304 x 1728) snapshot resolution and automatic face tracking technology;Equipped with digital zoom to bring objects 4 x closer;Very high megapixel resolution to ensure sharp pictures even when zooming in;Self-adjusting clamp to attach the webcam to notebook LCD screens and flat panel monitors or place on flat surfaces;Ideal for MSN Messenger, Live Messenger, Skype or other messenger services;Driver included with real-time video effects (such as magic mirror, security monitor, etc.) and picture frames;Take pictures quickly by pressing the snapshot button.
D5871433	The EF 50mm f/1.2L USM is a peerless new standard lens featuring an ultra-large aperture for a narrow depth of field and soft background blur so loved by photographers everywhere. The EF 50mm f/1.2L USM is suitable for any shooting situation; its lens coating and construction are optimized to minimize the ghosting and flare that frequently occurs when lenses are used with digital cameras. This high-performance, weather-resistant lens delivers all the superb image resolution and contrast you expect in a Canon L Series Lens.
D5871434	The EF 70-200mm f/4L IS USM is a lightweight, compact L Series telephoto zoom lens with Image Stabilizer. The optical Image Stabilization in the new EF 70-200mm f/4L IS USM lens provides up to an incredible four stops of shake correction-a first for Canon IS lenses. The use of fluorite UD lens elements provides excellent optical performance in terms of resolution and contrast. These features, together with its water-and dust-proof construction, provide both the performance and portability to meet user demands.
D5871843	CHIEFTEC's newest chassis combines multiple customer preferences and the consequent future trend of CHIEFTEC typical innovations. Barely no other Miditower chassis is able to take up ATX- and EATX size mainboards, six HDD's and five optional fans.
D5871846	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.
D5871847	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.PRODUCT FEATURES:For PSII PSU or PSII Redundant PSU. EMI shielding for different card;Optional 1 X 120 mm + 5 x 90 mm fans. Hard Disk installed by patent rails;Smart screws for 5.25" CD-ROM installation. Screwless PCI card clipper for fixing;Drive Bay: 3 x 5.25" + 1 x 3.5" FDD. 6 x 3.5" HDD. Special spring design for anti-vibration;Built-in USB 2.0V / Audio Jack/ 1394 IEEE board.
D5871848	CHIEFTEC's newest chassis combines multiple customer preferences and the consequent future trend of CHIEFTEC typical innovations. Barely any other Miditower chassis is able to take up ATX- and EATX size mainboards, six HDD's and five optional fans.
D5876228	The Corsair Flash Voyager family of USB drives is rugged, stylish, compact, and reliable, making them ideal for transporting MP3s, digital images, presentations and more. Flash Voyager drives are fully Plug and Play with most operating systems and are backward compatible with USB 1.1. Their durable rubber casing is easy to grip and water resistant.The Flash Voyager product line is both enclosed in the Corsair proprietary all-rubber Flash Voyager housing. Boasting water-resistant properties, these drives allow users to carry more valuable data and applications without compromise. Several reviews of the Flash Voyager products have demonstrated the ruggedness, durability, and reliability of the Flash Voyager family. The Flash Voyager has been shown laundered, baked, frozen, boiled, dropped, and even run over by a SUV in many third party reviews. After all the punishment it receives, the drive continues to work.
D5876294	When productivity counts, the true value is the one that just works. Designed to keep you working without interruption, you get reliable, tried-and-true HP LaserJet printing technology with every cartridge. And you get timesaving convenience. HP Smart printing technology sends alerts when supplies are low. When time is money, the true value is the easy, problem-free printing of original HP.
D5876295	When productivity counts, the true value is the one that just works. Designed to keep you working without interruption, you get reliable, tried-and-true HP LaserJet printing technology with every cartridge. And you get timesaving convenience. HP Smart printing technology sends alerts when supplies are low. When time is money, the true value is the easy, problem-free printing of original HP.
D5876997	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5877914	The Targus medium camera case is designed to fit most medium-size digital cameras. The padded interior and zippered closure help to protect the camera while traveling. This case features a detachable wrist strap and belt loop that can snap onto a belt, purse or backpack. The interior includes additional pockets to store batteries, flash memory and other photography accessories. The exterior features a zippered front pocket and a webbed compartment on the back for added storage. This case is the perfect way to protect a consumer-level camera between photo shoots.
D5879037	Digitally enhanced sound, powerful bass and ultra-secure and lightweight neckband make the SHM6105 headset your flawless gaming companion. Conveniently connects to your computer with a USB plug.
D5879314	RaidSonic's target is to develop innovative products, which enrich and perfect the use of mass storage in a functional, aesthetic and high quality way. By the consequent use of high class components and materials, RaidSonic has positioned its products in the upper level market segment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Full aluminum alloy SATA mobile rack;Type: Serial ATA1.0 HDD;Plug & play and hot swap;Host interface: Serial ATA1.0 150MB/s;LED panel lighting;Compact construction;Blue-Eye-design, LED for power and HDD access.
D5883679	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D5883680	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D5885179	Kingston is the world's largest independent memory manufacturer. In today's performance-driven environment, memory upgrades provide an easy, economical alternative to increase system performance. Every memory product Kingston offers is designed to help you get maximum performance at the best price to you.This memory is designed for the following systems:AOpen MP945-VXR Series;AOpen MP945-X Series.
D5885425	The USB Speakerphone allows you to use the Internet to make free hands-free conference calls. It is compatible with the leading Skype, and instant messaging applications such as MSN & Yahoo Messanger. The USB Speakerphone utilizes advanced VoIP technology to deliver a cost-effective alternative to standard telephony solutions.
D5885856	Only 0.26 of an inch thin and 1.41 ounces light, iPod nano packs a lot into its diminutive design. A brighter color display. A dock connector that fits an entire ecosystem of iPod accessories. With features like these, iPod nano changes the way you experience your music and more.Finding and playing music on iPod nano is simple. Menu options let you browse by artist, composer, album, song, genre, or playlist. Want to mix things up? Click Shuffle Songs. iPod nano makes your music look as good as it sounds, thanks to a 1.5-inch color display. Album art appears alongside your song titles, so you see your music as you play it. And when you dare to wear iPod nano, that display guarantees you'll say a lot without saying a word.The iTunes Store features thousands of free podcasts - radio-type shows you subscribe to - including indie favorites and offerings from such big names as ABC News, Comedy Central, ESPN, PBS, NPR, and many more. Browse and subscribe to podcasts, then sync them to your iPod nano and listen anytime, anywhere. Podcasts appear in their own menu on your iPod nano, so you can navigate them easily.The digital shelves of the iTunes Store are stocked with thousands of audiobooks - including such exclusives as the entire Harry Potter series - so you can catch up on your reading wherever iPod nano takes you. Browse audiobooks in their own menu on your iPod nano. iPod nano automatically recognizes where you left off reading and bookmarks your place. You can even change the reading speed to suit you.iPod nano holds up to 25, 000 photos you can sync from your Mac or Windows PC via iTunes. Use the Click Wheel to scroll through photo thumbnails the same way you scroll through song titles. To see a photo full-screen, click the center button. You can even view photo slideshows, complete with music. Just select Slideshow Settings and choose the time between slides, the transition effect, and the music.Calendars, contacts, and the World Clock appear in the Extras menu, along with a few more handy items. Take the Screen Lock, for example. Spin the Click Wheel to choose a four-digit combination and protect your iPod nano from prying eyes. If you forget your combination, you can reset it at your next sync. Or use the built-in Stopwatch to log your best times. When it's finally time to play, iPod nano features four fun games: Music Quiz, Solitaire, Brick, and Parachute.
D5886071	WD Scorpio Blue drives offer high-performance, low power consumption, and cool operation, perfect for notebooks and other portable devices. Pick the drive that suits your needs with the confidence in knowing that all WD Scorpio Blue drives are built to the highest standards of quality and reliability.
D5889434	When maneuverability is important and lens quality crucial, the L-series EF 24-105mm f/4L IS USM stands alone as the professional's lightweight standard zoom.The EF 24-105mm f/4L IS USM incorporates Canon's highest standards of precision optics. The L-series is Canon's flagship professional lens range, combining outstanding image performance and ultimate operability with dust and moisture resistant construction.
D5889658	Marketing description is not available.
D5896657	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5896665	The HDV1080i XH A1 is perfectly balanced for easy handheld shooting. Full control over image variables, with new ultra-fast Instant AF, makes the XH A1 an ideal digital filmmaker's tool. The 1/3" 1.67 Megapixel 3CCD XH A1 records HDV1080i onto MiniDV tape. The use of rectangular pixels delivers the superior quality of full widescreen resolution, as seen on a High Definition display. Selectable frame rates offer digital filmmakers 50i or 25F shooting.Benefiting from a 32.5-650mm (35mm range) Canon L-series 20x optical zoom lens with Super Range Optical Image Stabilizer, the XH A1 inherits the highest optical standards. Fluorite lens elements, Ultra-low Dispersion (UD) glass and multi-coating virtually eliminate ghosting, flare and chromatic aberration. Ultra-fast auto focusing with Canon's Instant AF system helps achieve the superb clarity and sharpness that defines HD images. The Focus Assist function aids manual focusing. The increased amount of data that must be stored when recording HDV means that more processing power is also needed. Canon's next generation DIGIC DV II processor has been developed to meet the demands of HDV, providing low-noise images with exceptional color reproduction. Split path processing handles movie and still image signals separately, according to their individual color requirements. With an internal battery system allowing the camcorder to operate in extreme environments, the compact XH A1 has been developed for balanced handheld shooting. Ideal for use on location, its controls are positioned for comfortable operation during long shoots.The XH A1 features separate rings on the lens body, allowing full, three-fingered manual control over focus, zoom and iris. A 2.8" widescreen LCD, discretely positioned on top of the XH A1's body, can be rotated for optimum shooting comfort. Footage can also be monitored in 16: 9 widescreen using the 0.57" EVF. A full range of image adjustments are available, including finely graded gain and matrix settings and color correction. Cine gamma settings are provided for digital filmmakers. With an additional 25F shooting mode the XH A1 is able to reproduce the look and feel of film. Presets are available for storing custom settings. An accessory shoe allows a range of peripherals to be attached to the camcorder, expanding shooting options. Two channel XLR audio inputs are also provided.
D5896824	The Optical Wheel Mouse delivers market-leading optical performance from Logitech, and outstanding user comfort in a newly-designed, sculpted shape.The Logitech logo is your assurance of quality from the world's leading manufacturer of computer mice.
D5897253	Samsung exemplifies technological determination and progressive ideals. From technology to business to the philanthropy, Samsung has become a world leader for which the possibilities are truly endless.
D5897517	A-Data provides its customers with the highest quality products and one-stop-shopping services. Through rigorous quality control and monitored testing environment, A-Data can guarantee to supply the highest quality products. Producing world-class quality products and continuous improvement is A-Data's quality policy. Furthermore, A-Data Technology is focused on meeting customers' various requirements.
D5897586	Windows XP Media Center Edition offers the best Windows experience in any room in your home, whether you're looking for a family computer or to enhance your home theater. Enjoy integrated home entertainment experiences including photos, music, TV, and more. Connect with devices around the home and on the go that extend your entertainment.
D5899614	Creative's Sound Blaster X-Fi Xtreme Audio gives an experience beyond studio quality with MP3 music and movies! Featuring award-winning X-Fi technologies, X-Fi Crystalizer restores the details and vibrancies lost during MP3 and DIVX compression, breathing life back into any audio, while X-Fi CMSS-3D expands stereo music and movies into amazing surround sound. Effective over virtually any speakers, including stereo speakers, Sound Blaster X-Fi Xtreme Audio even provides unbelievable surround sound over normal headphones! Digital out for connecting to a home cinema system makes it ideal for media center PCs.
D5899868	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.
D5899994	The Belkin 2x1 USB Peripheral Switch gives multiple computers access to a single USB 1.1-compliant device - such as a printer, camera, scanner, or an external storage device. It offers a convenient design and easy-to-use switching software that gives you immediate access to your USB device. Once connected, your device stays available to all connected computers, eliminating the need for you to unplug and reconnect it to another computer.
D5901002	Targus' goal is to enhance your lifestyle by offering innovative and quality products, as well as continuing to listen and respond to its customers.
D5903217	Maxtor MobileMax notebook drives offer a level of performance similar to that of legacy desktop systems. Their 5400-RPM spin speed provides the best value in performance, outpacing slower 4200-RPM mobile drives.MobileMax hard drives have the ruggedness and durability required by users on the go and the low power consumption needed to work and play longer between battery charges.
D5904919	Canon HDV tape is the highest quality and recommended recording media for a Canon HDV camcorder.
D5909756	Cooler Master Elite 330 features superior thermal solution and easy installation. Black meshed front panel forms the succinct appearance. Just as its name - Elite 330, it is presented to those who would like to start holding high-quality products. Undoubtedly, It would be a pity for you to miss it.
D5911490	The Club 3D ZAP-TV350mini is the easiest way to watch analog and digital TV (DVB-T) on any computer you have. Due to the USB 2.0 interface it is easy to connect and to carry along with you.
D5915948	With an ultra-high approx. 11x zoom range covering everything from wide-angle to super-telephoto, Canon's latest professional series 'white lens' is designed for professional photographers looking to limit lens changes and overall kit weight. With Image Stabilization (IS) and high speed, silent auto focus, this superbly specified lens delivers what others can only imagine.Canon's renowned IS technology compensates for approximately three stops with no perceptible increase in image blur. This vastly increases the range of circumstances in which hand-held photography is possible, limiting the need to carry a tripod. Major movement in a specific direction is detected as conscious panning and correction is halted in the relevant direction, thereby preventing shake-return.The ultrasonic motor (USM) converts ultrasonic vibration energy into rotational force to deliver high-speed, high-precision, super efficient and virtually noiseless auto focusing, with good holding torque for rapid response, accurate stopping. The lens has full-time manual override. The 0.7m minimum focusing distance throughout the entire zoom range also makes it ideal for close-up magnifications.Lens shape and coatings have been optimized to suppress ghosting and flaring, making the lens ideal for use with digital cameras that can be susceptible to reflections off the recording sensor. When fitted to digital cameras with an APS-C size sensor such as the EOS 10D, the lens has an equivalent focal length range of 45-480mm.Beautiful contrast, low distortion and high corner-to-corner resolution is evident throughout the zoom range. An EMD (electromagnetic diaphragm) controls aperture for fast, quiet, highly precise control. A circular aperture diaphragm affords pleasing background blur, from full aperture to two stops down.The EF 28-300mm features a rugged dust-proof and drip-proof construction, designed for professionals working under a wide range of harsh conditions.The drive pattern is tailored to match the latest EOS range, extracting maximum benefit from the lens' speed advantage. Distance information offers higher precision focus-linked E-TTL II flash photography metering.
D5916985	Just one click on "2X Button" straightly opens files and programs easily. Save time and improve efficiency.
D5916986	Just one click on "2X Button" straightly opens files and programs easily. Save time and improve efficiency.Wireless Optical Technology delivers high resolution with pinpoint accuracy. Enjoy the freedom to go Wireless without any tangling wires. Enjoy a clean and organized computing environment.Work efficiently without cable cords or tangles. With BatteryFREE optical mouse, lifting up the mouse to smooth out the cable is not required.Distinguished Frequency Adjustable Tuning automatically solves the difference in USB voltages, and tuned to optimum frequency keeps the unit in its best status after four seconds, this always maintains a mouse that is smooth, like new.
D5918877	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5918879	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5918880	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5918882	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5921642	The Icy Box is an external case for slim line & slot-in CD/DVD drives with lateral blue lighting and USB 2.0 interface.PRODUCT FEATURES:External case for slim line & slot in CD/DVD drives;Blue lateral lighting;Interface internal ATAPI - JAE KX15-50KLD o. v;Interface external USB 2.0;USB data cable in scope of supply;USB power.
D5922244	Maxtor DiamondMax 21 hard drive continues the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. The DiamondMax family of hard drives provides a value solution for applications that require a balance of the most popular capacities, basic performance and reliability.DiamondMax 21 drive is ideal for entry and mainstream, home and office PC applications and an excellent solution for integrators and system builders.
D5922247	Maxtor DiamondMax 21 hard drive continues the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. The DiamondMax family of hard drives provides a value solution for applications that require a balance of the most popular capacities, basic performance and reliability.DiamondMax 21 drive is ideal for entry and mainstream, home and office PC applications and an excellent solution for integrators and system builders.
D5923095	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5923099	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5923590	This 500mm super telephoto lens with Image Stabilizer system and large aperture of f/4 is sure to have wide appeal. Its newly designed optical system consists of 17 elements in 13 groups, including one fluorite lens and two UD lenses. These have eliminated all kinds of aberrations to achieve a level of image quality previously impossible to attain. With ring USM and an improved drive algorithm, its autofocus is the fastest in the world (when used with the EOS-3). The large f/4 aperture permits the use of autofocus when using an extender. The lens's closest focusing distance has been reduced to only 4.5m/ 14.8ft., and it is equipped with full-time mechanical manual focus, a focus preset function, and an AF Stop function. The use of a magnesium alloy for the lens barrel minimizes weight and the lens offers superior dust-proof and moisture-proof performance.
D5923592	The EF17-40mm f/4L USM is an ultra wide angle Canon EF zoom lens meant for professional and high amateur SLR EOS camera users.While it is an excellent lens when used with an analog SLR camera, the EF17-40mm f/4L USM is especially well suited for digital SLR cameras with an imaging sensor size smaller than the 35mm format. Indeed on such digital SLR cameras these focal lengths can give an angle of view approximately equivalent to that of a 28-70mm lens used on a 35mm camera, which makes it the ideal standard zoom lens.The EF17-40mm f/4L USM has 12 lens elements arranged in 9 groups. Super Spectra Coating on the elements ensures excellent color balance and minimizes ghosting and flare. To provide superb image quality over a 17-40mm zoom range the lens uses three aspheric elements of two different types, while Super UD (Ultra-low Dispersion) glass is used to prevent the chromatic aberrations that often can degrade the subject edge clarity.Minimum focusing distance is just 28mm throughout the entire zoom range.The Auto-focus works silently and quickly thanks to a fast central processing unit with an improved AF algorithm. You can override AF mode with manual focus should you wish.Controlled by an electromagnetic diaphragm, the EF17-40mm f/4L USM's circular aperture can achieve a more attractive appearance to out of focus background areas in a picture.The front of the lens does not rotate as you focus. This means, for example, that polarizing filters still function effectively as you zoom in and out. At the rear of the lens there's a drop-in gelatin filter holder.Highly resistant to moisture and dust, the EF17-40mm f/4L USM is ideally suited for use in harsh environments. Environment friendly lead-free glass is used throughout its construction.
D5923593	This image stabilization lens has a newly developed system that can achieve stabilizer effects equivalent to approximately 3 stops in terms of shutter speed. It further has high-resolution, high-contrast optical capability, and dust - and moisture-resistance, making this one of the most advanced and robust models in its class.
D5923595	The EF300mm f/4L IS USM is a compact and lightweight 300mm super-telephoto lens with Image Stabilizer (IS), similar to EF 75-300mm f/4-5.6 IS USM. The Image Stabilizer shifts a lens group (11th to 13th elements) in parallel to the film plane. Camera shake is a major cause of blurred images especially with telephoto lenses. The IS system helps resolving this problem. The image stabilizing effect is equivalent to about two steps of shutter speed. "IS Mode 2" is newly applied to stabilize finder images at panning shots of moving subjects. The optical system uses two UD (Ultra-low Dispersion) glass lens elements (2nd and 5th) to compensate secondary spectrum and provide sharp, high-contrast images from maximum aperture.
D5923596	Telephoto lens boasting high image quality and carrying ease. With two UD-glass elements and rear focusing to correct aberrations, image delineation is extremely sharp. Background blur is also natural-looking, as was simulated by Canon.
D5923597	The EF 28-70mm f/2.8L USM has proven very popular with professional and advanced amateur photographers since it was introduced in 1995. However, the increasing use of digital cameras, most having sensors smaller than a 35mm film frame, has increased the demand for a high-performance standard zoom lens with a wider wide-angle setting. The EF 24-70mm f/2.8L USM lens meets this need. The optical design is based on the previous lens, but incorporates new design features that allow the broader focal length range while maintaining the superb image quality. At the same time, the minimum focusing distance has been reduced from 0.5 meters to 0.38 meters.Improved water and dust resistance ensure that it will become the leading standard zoom lens in the EOS system.
D5923599	The fastest 135 mm telephoto lens in its class. Ideal for indoor sports and portraits with background blur. Two UD-glass elements correct secondary spectrum for outstanding sharpness and color. Compatible with Extender EF 1.4x and 2x.
D5923600	High-performance, L-series telephoto zoom lens combining light weight and compactness with an f/4 maximum aperture. Inner focusing and the ring USM enable quick and quiet autofocusing. Also, a circular polarizing filter can be attached and used without difficulty because the front lens element does not rotate during focusing.
D5923601	The EF100-400mm f/4.5-5.6L IS USM is the first EF telephoto zoom lens with a high-magnification zoom range of 100 to 400mm. This is the first L type zoom lens with IS (Image Stabilizer) system. The dual-mode IS mechanism corrects camera shake blurring equivalent to two shutter speed steps. The IS Mode-1 works for normal shooting and IS Mode-2 is suitable for panning shots of a moving subject, stabilizing images in viewfinder. The optical system uses one artificial crystal fluorite and one Super UD (Ultra-low Dispersion) glass lens elements (3rd and 7th), which thoroughly correct chromatic aberration. The minimum focusing distance of 1.8m is achieved throughout zooming range. The floating system in rear focusing system is employed for the first time for EF zoom lens to achieve a high definition for the entire focusing range. A ring USM (Ultrasonic Motor) drives high-speed and silent AF and full-time manual focusing. Linear zooming design with zooming friction adjustment ring gives a good operability of this lens.
D5926007	Whether in homes, factories, offices, airports, or on the street, it's hard to imagine a place where Philips is absent. What Philips wants is to make your life and work easier - and more fun! And Philips continuously explores new ways to improve products and to offer innovative products to its consumers. Philips. "Let's Make Things Better".
D5927138	Targus' goal is to enhance your lifestyle by offering innovative and quality products, as well as continuing to listen and respond to its customers.
D5927203	The ultimate in reliability and recording performance is yours with Verbatim CD-R media. These advanced discs enable you to take full advantage of today's CD-R burners. With Verbatim CD-R media, you'll enjoy error-free performance even at the highest read/write speeds. Verbatim CD-R discs also feature an advanced surface coating that protects from scratches that can damage the recording layer.
D5927305	ASRock is an energetic company with the support of strong R&D team and active marketing channels. ASRock's mission is to be an excellent opportunity for customers in the motherboard market who have yearned for a reliable, cost-effective motherboard brand for a long time. With its vision to provide reliable and affordable products, ASRock is confident that it can succeed in the motherboard industry and will continue to grow in other IT industry fields.PRODUCT FEATURES:FSB 1000 MHz (2.0 GT/s), Hyper-Transport Technology and AMD Cool 'n' Quiet Technology;AMD LIVE! Ready;Supports ATI CrossFire;Untied Overclocking: During Overclocking, FSB enjoys better margin due to fixed PCIE/ PCI Buses;Supports Dual Channel DDRII800/667/533, 4 x DIMM slots, with max. capacity up to 8GB;ASRock AM2 Boost: ASRock Patented Technology to boost memory performance up to 12.5%;Hybrid Booster - ASRock Safe Overclocking Technology;1 x PCI Express x16 slot with PCIE Switch card or 2 x PCI Express Graphics slots for ATI CrossFire;Supports Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/s;4 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s, support RAID (RAID 0, RAID 1 and RAID 10), NCQ, AHCI and "Hot Plug" functions;2 x eSATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors (shared with 2 SATAII ports), support RAID (RAID 0 and RAID 1), NCQ, AHCI and "Hot Plug" functions;HDMI SPDIF header, providing SPDIF audio output to HDMI VGA card, allows the system to connect HDMI Digital TV/projector/LCD devices;ASRock 8CH eSATAII I/O: 2 eSATAII ports, 2 ready-to-use USB ports.
D5927434	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D5927435	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D5927436	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D5928680	Experience the freedom and eliminate the clutter with the Logitech Cordless Rumblepad 2. Logitech developed 2.4 GHz Cordless Freedom technology specifically for gaming - 30 feet of freedom with no lag! With its two vibration feedback motors, you'll experience every turn, bump, dip, and crash. And it feels great in your hands with its familiar button layout and all the controls you need to dominate.
D5936448	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5936449	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5936450	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5936451	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D5936836	The OmniView SMB KVM-over-IP Switch enables network administrators to monitor and control their servers from anywhere, at anytime. This round-the-clock access lets you troubleshoot servers faster and more efficiently, dramatically reducing server downtime and service costs. Designed to grow along with your server network, the Switch expands to support up to 248 servers via daisy-chaining. The Switch features built-in CAT5 technology to provide simplified deployment and reduced cable clutter.
D5940759	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5942820	Successor of the EF300mm f/2.8L USM, this is a next-generation wide aperture 300mm lens with a newly designed optical system to achieve even better image quality. Its one fluorite lens and two UD lenses completely eliminate secondary spectrum. It offers super high image quality with both resolution and contrast higher than ever before. And the image stabilizer that equals about 2 shutter speed steps maximizes the performance of the lens under all photgraphy conditions. Its autofocusing is the fastest in the world (when used with an EOS-3), thanks to a ring USM and improved drive algorithm. Closest focusing distance has been reduced to 2.5m, while operatibility has been substantially improved by full time mechanical manual focus, improved focus preset, and the introduction of an AF Stop function. The lens's super light design includes a magnesium alloy lens barrel and it offers good dust-proof and moisture-proof performance even under harsh conditions.
D5942821	The EF 400mm f/2.8 L IS USM is a new generation super telephoto 400mm lens with a large aperture ratio of f/2.8 and first rate imaging performance. With image stabilization effective over two shutter speeds this lens stands out.You can have reliable capabilities when used for fashion photography performed indoors and at night. The optical system includes one fluorite and two UD lenses that eliminate secondary spectrum, for ultra high contrast and image quality.
D5942822	This lens is ideal for sports and wildlife photography. The newly designed optical system has one fluorite element and two UD-glass elements to obtain high resolution and high contrast. Also, the minimum focusing distance was reduced to 5.5 m. Extender EF 2x can be attached to increase the focal length to 1200mm while retaining AF (with the EOS-3).
D5942823	Another telephoto macro lens with a maximum magnification of 1x. Life-size close-ups can be taken from a farther distance without disturbing the subject (insects, etc). The internal floating system minimizes fluctuations in aberrations caused by changes in the focusing distance. The delineation is therefore razor sharp from 1x to infinity.
D5942824	This L-series is a professional f/1.4 wide-angle lens with an aspherical lens element to correct aberrations. With an innovative floating system, which enables a high picture quality to be obtained over the entire focusing range you can be confident that you get the best pictures time after time. Autofocusing is also quick and quiet with rear focusing and ring USM. To get even more out of this lens a full-time manual focus is also available, picture quality and Canon innovation go hand in hand.
D5950649	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5951916	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.
D5951919	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.This product includes Travel PAK.
D5951933	The Targus Wireless Notebook Mouse provides a clear workspace free from cables with optical sensors that provide improved movement and precision.
D5954217	If you need a compact device to handle all your copying needs, the cost-effective iR2016J is ready to deliver. Featuring double-siding and stapling capabilities, it's ideal for offices everywhere.Add the iR2016J to your team and it will enhance your communication capabilities, providing instant walk-up copying capabilities to all your staff. Simple user-friendly operation ensures your staff instantly gets the results they need.You will present a professional image every time with the iR2016J. Copy with outstanding clarity at 16 pages per minute and produce quality, double sided and stapled reports ready for distribution using the optional internal finishing device.Compact it may be, but the iR2016J can cope with some big challenges. With a choice of additional paper drawers, you can select the capacity that best suits your needs, up to 1, 080 sheets, in a variety of paper sizes up to A3. So whatever your needs, you can expect professional results with the iR2016J.Innovative on-demand fixing technology enables an energy saving sleep mode to be automatically initiated when the device is not in use. Once needed, the device is fully operational again in seconds - a great way to reduce energy consumption without affecting staff productivity.Environmentally considerate production methods ensure that the machine complies with the Waste from Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) directives. Lead and hazardous substances are prohibited from the manufacturing process. In addition, the machine conforms to the International Energy Star Program.
D5954346	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.This memory is designed for the following systems:AOpen MP945-VXR Series;AOpen MP945-X Series.
D5954582	The A-data PD2 USB 2.0 disk is a removable flash disk drive with USB standard connection. It has USB 2.0, high-speed data transfer interface, operating at 480Mb/s. It also supports USB 1.1 standard with full speed data transfer. PD2 USB 2.0 has plug-n-play function. Due to its small size, user can easily bring it to any PC system to transfer data without any limitation. Also it has wide compatibility with PC operation systems (OS) and user does not even need to load the driver to most of PC OS. It dramatically changes the people's life.
D5956306	The CW01 is created for HTPC and PC enthusiasts who wish to enjoy the exceptionally powerful layout from SilverStone's top-of-the-line LC18 enclosure without the integrated touch screen. Rather than merely remaking the case, SilverStone engineers further tweaked the design to allow even more user adjustments to components such as reversible PSU mounting and greater degree of hard drive mounting positions to accommodate a wide range of add-on cards. The simple but purposeful front panel is highlighted with new details such as gold-plated 1/ 4¡¨ audio jacks that is not only made for onboard HD-audio but also compatible with Creative Lab's SoundBlaster Live!/Audigy/X-Fi series sound card. If there is an enclosure that can appeal to both HTPC and traditional computer enthusiasts equally, the CW01 will be the one.
D5956309	Truly the first of its kind, the LC14 shatters the notion that HTPC case must be understated and restrained to be beautiful. By painstaking bending a thick, high quality acrylic panel into the shape of a front panel cover, a high tech appearance was created. Mated with two substantially styled aluminum alloy panels perfectly configured for multimedia use, the styling looks as capable as the high tech features it includes. With dual 5.25" soft closing drive bays and integrated hotkey, the LC14 is more than just a stunning HTPC case, it is a statement.This product comes with MCE kit (MCE remote control, MCE receiver, bracket fixing, IR Blaster x 2, IR extension cord x 2, double-slot drive bay cover).
D5956310	The ML01 was created to further leverage the emerging trend of MoDT (mobile on desktop) processors for building home and office computers. Equipped with a compact but powerful 300W PSU and an intelligent airflow layout to ensure even lower powered desktop processors can be cooled sufficiently, this case will accommodate a wide range of system configurations easily. The ML01 is a standard chassis for next generation MoDT systems.
D5956311	The ML01 was created to further leverage the emerging trend of MoDT (mobile on desktop) processors for building home and office computers. Equipped with a compact but powerful 300W PSU and an intelligent airflow layout to ensure even lower powered desktop processors can be cooled sufficiently, this case will accommodate a wide range of system configurations easily. The ML01 is a standard chassis for next generation MoDT systems.
D5956647	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D5957707	Following the success of the venerable Lascala series, a new era will start with the first Grandia series of HTPC case, the GD01. Updated with an advanced 52-in-1 card reader, enhanced low speed fans, and improved hard drive mounting bracket, the GD01 is then matched with classic lines from the most popular Lascala HTPC cases of the past to make a truly appealing package. As with many SilverStone HTPC cases before, the GD01 also has class-leading six hard drive capacity (for up to 4.5 Terabytes) and dual optical drive ready for Blu-ray and HD-DVD drives. For even more enriched multimedia experience, an optional GD01MX model is available with Multilanguage LCD, software, and remote control that is compatible with MCE remote and keyboard.
D5964971	CHIEFTEC's new microATX Combi Tower/Desktop chassis, available in two classic color variations being complete black and black/silver eases your decision - taking by providing you the option to decide, daily, which position - vertical or horizontal- you prefer for the PC on your desk. Dynamically adaptable to the available space, e.g. your scanner finds it's place very quickly - just stand-up your chassis - finish! Fast and optimized connectivity is realized by the provided invisible and dust protected front connectors, which are located behind a bezel within the front panel.Need to install a driver? Just slide the 5.25" cover/bezel downwards - and your installed CD/DVD drive smoothly opens (like by ghost hand). On the right side (or the top, pending on the desired positioning - vertical or horizontal -) there's another bezel with the function to protect the external 3.5" bay from dust. This is perfectly usable for your floppy, card reader or any other standard 3.5" device. Two internal 3.5" bays for HDD's offer a good scalability by minimum space requirements. A special novelty is the option to install a 2.5" HDD. By using the two included CIM's (Component Installation Modules) the system installation is as simple as it is innovative.
D5968353	Ideal for traveling this charger is ultra compact and comes with two additional main adapters, so you can recharge your AA and AAA batteries in just two hours - anywhere in the world. It charges one to four batteries simultaneously.
D5969241	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with all single and dual core CPUs for Intel's Socket 775 and AMD's Socket AM2/754/939/940;100% copper heatsink with aerodynamically optimized tunnel design for maximum cooling efficiency;Innovative and patented, curved heatpipe design for a heat transfer capacity of up to six heatpipes with the use of just three;40.2mm ultra-slim fins for minimized weight and reduced airflow resistance;Ultra quiet CNPS 110mm LED fan;Does not generate noise or vibration in Silent Mode;Adjustable fan speed controller (FAN MATE 2) included;Super Thermal Grease (ZM-STG1) included.
D5972904	The OmniView SMB KVM-over-IP Switch enables network administrators to monitor and control their servers from anywhere, at anytime. This round-the-clock access lets you troubleshoot servers faster and more efficiently, dramatically reducing server downtime and service costs. Designed to grow along with your server network, the Switch expands to support up to 248 servers via daisy-chaining. The Switch features built-in CAT5 technology to provide simplified deployment and reduced cable clutter.
D5973518	The ultimate in reliability and recording performance is yours with Verbatim CD-R media. These advanced discs enable you to take full advantage of today's CD-R burners. With Verbatim CD-R media, you'll enjoy error-free performance even at the highest read/write speeds. Verbatim CD-R discs also feature an advanced surface coating that protects from scratches that can damage the recording layer.
D5973997	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D5974647	Excellent contacts to the Far East, strict quality controls, professional logistics, and - last, but not least - the high qualification of every single employee of the MaxPoint Group have turned the single divisions into suppliers well-known and leading in their corresponding industries.PRODUCT FEATURES:Special brand-new cooling system with two blue illuminated 250 mm fans;Huge adjustable 25 cm fan inside left door to perfectly cool all components;Giant adjustable 25 cm fan in the front to guide the airflow inside the case;Big acrylic side window with a nice view inside the case;Up to 13 disk drives can be mounted inside the case;Extended ATX main board fit inside;Easy drive mounting with screw less rails;Easy installation of the PCI cards with clip system.
D5975530	Point of View's focus is on supporting its distributors to supply top quality products and to present an exciting and marketable brand name to retailers.This Notebook Accessory bag includes the following components:480K Webcam;Optical Notebook mouse;Numeric Keypad;USB extension cable;4-ports USB2.0 Hub;Earphone with microphone.
D5986552	Compucase is one of the top 3 case and power supply manufacturers worldwide. Trusted by numerous partners over the years Compucase has acquainted excellent experience and valuable know-how, which is recognizable in its high quality products. Concerning PC enclosures, power supplies and industrial storage solutions Compucase should be your first choice for ensuring success.PRODUCT FEATURES:Very good EMI-protection;CPU-Cooling through air guide;Lockable case;Front-USB and audio;Requires only one-sided opening for working;Front-USB features a hatch for protection and ergonomic design.
D5987971	This adapter gives you high-speed Wireless Internet access on your notebook when using your wireless network or a public hot spot.PRODUCT FEATURES:Access public hot spots on the move;Setup wizard guides installation;Latest encryption technology.
D5987975	This adapter gives you high-speed Wireless Internet access on your PC or notebook using your wireless network or a public hot-spot.
D5988074	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.
D5998643	The Freezer 64 Pro with PWM fan control has a long lasting fluid dynamic bearing also 6 active heatpipes. Thanks to smart design and the higher number of heatpipes this model reach higher levels of cooling performance and surpasses the stock cooler by far. Further the fan is suspended onto a vibration dampened frame, allowing for a virtually silent fan. The copper made heatpipes secure a swift heat absorption, which can be transferred optimally through the cooling fins. In addition high performance thermal compound had been reapplied to the copper base, so that the cooler is instantly ready for easy installation.
D5999192	Simply powerful, Samsung HDD solutions offer high performance, speed, and dependability demanded in today's computing environments. Samsung hard drive provides reliable data storage for any up-to-date mission critical applications on your PC, including video, audio and multimedia data. Samsung HDD solutions represent the value choice for the storage needs of your PC.PRODUCT FEATURES:Serial ATA 3.0Gbps Interface Support;SATA Native Command Queuing Feature set;Device Initiated SATA Power Management;Staggered Spin-up Support;High Speed Dual Digital Signal Processor (DSP) Based Architecture;ATA S.M.A.R.T. Compliant;ATA Automatic Acoustic Management Feature Set;ATA 48-bit Address Feature Set;ATA Streaming Feature Set;ATA Device Configuration Overlay Feature Set;NoiseGuard;SilentSeek.
D6000125	An elegant design for the highest demands. Perfectly suited for DVDs and action games and every sort of voice application. Take part in live conferences and experience live chat using the latest Internet communication programs like Skype, MSN Messenger, Yahoo! Messenger and many more...
D6010146	You really can have it all in one. The SCX-6322DN is so easy to use that they will surprise you. Print, scan, fax, and copy without leaving your office plus the benefit of lower maintenance compared to an A3 copier. With the fastest print/copy speed in its class along with duplex and built-in network capabilities you'll wonder how you every managed to get anything done without it. With Samsung it's not that hard to imagine.
D6015122	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D6019744	Office Home and Student 2007 is the software suite that helps people easily create great-looking documents, worksheets and presentations, as well as manage notes and information at home. It offers improved menus and tools, enhanced graphics and formatting capabilities, new time management tools, and greater reliability and security.
D6022251	Simply powerful, Samsung HDD solutions offer high performance, speed, and dependability demanded in today's computing environments. Samsung hard drive provides reliable data storage for any up-to-date mission critical applications on your PC, including video, audio and multimedia data. Samsung HDD solutions represent the value choice for the storage needs of your PC.PRODUCT FEATURES:Serial ATA 3.0Gbps Interface Support;SATA Native Command Queuing Feature set;Device Initiated SATA Power Management;Staggerd Spin-up Support;High Speed Dual Digital Signal Processor (DSP) Based Architecture;ATA S.M.A.R.T. Compliant;ATA Automatic Acoustic Management Feature Set;ATA 48-bit Address Feature Set;ATA Device Configuration Overlay Feature Set;NoiseGuard;SilentSeek.
D6022252	Simply powerful, Samsung HDD solutions offer high performance, speed, and dependability demanded in today's computing environments. Samsung hard drive provides reliable data storage for any up-to-date mission critical applications on your PC, including video, audio and multimedia data. Samsung HDD solutions represent the value choice for the storage needs of your PC.PRODUCT FEATURES:Serial ATA 3.0Gbps Interface Support;SATA Native Command Queuing Feature set;Device Initiated SATA Power Management;Staggerd Spin-up Support;High Speed Dual Digital Signal Processor (DSP) Based Architecture;ATA S.M.A.R.T. Compliant;ATA Automatic Acoustic Management Feature Set;ATA 48-bit Address Feature Set;ATA Device Configuration Overlay Feature Set;NoiseGuard;SilentSeek.
D6022254	Simply powerful, Samsung HDD solutions offer high performance, speed, and dependability demanded in today's computing environments. Samsung hard drive provides reliable data storage for any up-to-date mission critical applications on your PC, including video, audio and multimedia data. Samsung HDD solutions represent the value choice for the storage needs of your PC.PRODUCT FEATURES:Serial ATA 3.0Gbps Interface Support;SATA Native Command Queuing Feature set;Device Initiated SATA Power Management;Staggerd Spin-up Support;High Speed Dual Digital Signal Processor (DSP) Based Architecture;ATA S.M.A.R.T. Compliant;ATA Automatic Acoustic Management Feature Set;ATA 48-bit Address Feature Set;ATA Device Configuration Overlay Feature Set;NoiseGuard;SilentSeek.
D6022332	DIGITUS - the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Firewire IEEE1394a compatible;Data transfer rate up to 400Mbps;External and internal ports;Incl. cable and Ulead software..
D6022333	The complete DIGITUS assortment contains extensive products of its active and passive network components. With DIGITUS you are able to install your individual network.PRODUCT FEATURES:3 x Firewire 6-pin ports;IEEE 1394 / 1394a compatible;Maximum data transfer rate 400 Mbps;Supports "Hot Plugging", is "PnP" compatible;Connection for external power supply.
D6022338	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.This product is a PCMCIA to PCI Add-On Card, 32 BIT and 16 BIT, 3, 3V AND 5V PCMCIA.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compliant with PC Card Rel. 8.0 and PCI 2.2 Specification;Support PCMCIA 2.1 and Cardbus PC card with 3, 3V / 5V operation;One PC card slot for (Type I/II/III PCMCIA card).
D6022342	The complete DIGITUS assortment contains extensive products of its active and passive network components. With DIGITUS you are able to install your individual network.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 2.0/USB 1.1 compatible;Maximum data transfer rate 480 Mbps;Surge protection on all outputs;Supports Hot-Plug and Plug & Play;Compatible with PC and Apple computers (G3 and G4 series);The following operating systems are supported: Windows XP and MAC OS 10.x and higher.
D6022345	The complete DIGITUS assortment contains extensive products of its active and passive network components. With DIGITUS you are able to install your individual network.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 2.0/USB 1.1 compatible;4 external and 1 internal USB port;Maximum data transfer rate 480 Mbps;Surge protection on all outputs;Supports Hot-Plug and Plug & Play;Compatible with PC and Apple computers (G3 and G4 series);OS supported: Windows XP and MAC OS 10.x and higher.
D6022346	DIGITUS is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range. DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 2.0 certified, USB 1.1 compatible;IEEE1394a compatible;Data transfer rates up to 400Mbps (IEEE) or 480Mbps (USB);USB 2.0 ports 3x external / 1x internal;IEEE1394a ports 2x external / 1x internal.
D6022348	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with USB specification revision 1.1;Supports PCs and SUN computers;2 x MiniDIN 6-pin female for PS/2 mouse and keyboard;Power supply for the connected USB devices via the port;USB Hot Plug and Play support;USB connector cable with USB A male.
D6022349	The complete DIGITUS assortment contains extensive products of its active and passive network components. With DIGITUS you are able to install your individual network.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compliant with USB 1.1 standard;Supports RS 232 serial interface;Maximum data transfer rate of over 1Mbps;Can be used for PDA and modems.
D6022351	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS NETWORK, DIGITUS CONNECT, DIGITUS ACCESSORIES and DIGITUS BLISTER.PRODUCT FEATURES:Universal microscope camera for the computer with built-in white and bright lighting;USB 1.1 / 2.0 interface;Ideal for business and hobby, e.g. for industrial inspection like textile and printing, for skin and scalp examination, for stamp, coin and gem collectors, for science and learning, as reading aid.
D6022353	Users can now easily have extended desktops for added productivity. USB docking stations can now replicate the SVGA outputs in addition to the standard ports. Notebook users now have the ability to use dual displays.
D6022355	DIGITUS - the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Control two PCs with one PS/2 keyboard, one PS/2 mouse and one monitor;Simple installation - no additional software required;PC selection via hotkey;Excellent video quality - up to 1920 x 1440, 200 MHz bandwidth;Supports DDC, DDC2, DDC2B, DDC2AB;Audio support;Hot Plug and Play;Keyboard and mouse emulation for faultless booting of the computer;Autoscan (5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 sec. options) / autoskip function;No external power supply required;Integrated KVM cable for connection of two PCs 1.2 m;Supports standard PS/2 mouse, Microsoft IntelliMouse and full support for Microsoft IntelliPoint 5.0 mouse driver;and Logitech Mouse Ware driver;Supports Windows 95/98/98SE/ME/NT4.0/2000/XP/VISTA, DOS, Linux, Novell Netware, FreeBSD.
D6022356	DIGITUS - the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Control two USB-PCs with one PS/2 keyboard, one PS/2 mouse and one monitor;Simple installation - no additional software required;PC selection via hotkey;Excellent video quality - up to 1920 x 1440, 200 MHz bandwidth;Supports DDC, DDC2, DDC2B, DDC2AB;Hot Plug and Play;Keyboard and mouse emulation for faultless booting of the computer;Autoscan (5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 sec. options) / autoskip function;No external power supply required;Integrated KVM cable for connection of two PCs 1.2 m;Supports standard PS/2 mouse, Microsoft IntelliMouse and full support for Microsoft IntelliPoint 5.0 mouse driver;and Logitech Mouse Ware driver;Supports Windows 98SE/ME/2000/XP/VISTA;Mouse and keyboard connection to USB port of the PC.
D6022359	DIGITUS - the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Access and control two PC with one PS/2 keyboard, mouse and one DVI monitor;Support standard PS/2 mouse, MS Intelli Mouse;Fully supports MS IntelliPoint 5.0 & Logitech Mouseware drivers;Resolution up to 1280x1024, DDC2;Selection via Push button, Hotkey;Easy install - no additional software required;Hot Plug? n? Play;Keyboard and mouse emulation for error free system boot;Autoscan (5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 sec.), autoskip;Support WIN 95/98/98SE/ME/NT4.0/2000/XP/VISTA, DOS, Linux, Novell Netware, Free BSD.
D6022361	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Ideal for school class, workshops, training rooms etc;4 inputs (PC), 1 output (Monitor, Beamer etc.);Maximum resolution 1920 x 1440 Pixel at 60 Hz;Video bandwidth 250 MHz;DDC, DDC2, DDC2B support.
D6022362	DIGITUS - the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Control multiple PCs with one PS/2 keyboard, one PS/2 mouse and one monitor;Simple installation - no additional software required;PC selection via pushbutton or hotkey;Excellent video quality - up to 1920 x 1440, 200 MHz bandwidth;Supports DDC, DDC2, DDC2B, DDC2AB;Hot Plug and Play;Keyboard and mouse emulation for faultless booting of the computer;Autoscan (5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 sec. options) / autoskip function;No external power supply required;Incl. 2 sets of connector cables;Supports standard PS/2 mouse, Microsoft IntelliMouse and full support;for the Microsoft IntelliPoint 5.0 mouse driver & Logitech Mouse Ware driver;Supports Windows 95/98/98SE/ME/NT4.0/2000/XP/VISTA, DOS, Linux, Novell Netware, FreeBSD.
D6022363	DIGITUS - the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Control up to four PCs via a PS/2 keyboard, a PS/2 mouse and a monitor;Easy installation - no additional software required;PC selection via buttons, hot keys or mouse click (hot key function can be switched off);Excellent video quality - up to 1920 x 1440, 200MHz bandwidth;Supports DDC, DDC2, DDC2B, DDC2AB;Hot plug and play;Keyboard and mouse emulation for error free booting of the computer;Autoscan (5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 sec. options) / autoskip function;Supports Standard-PS/2-Maus, Microsoft IntelliMouse plus complete support for Microsoft;IntelliPoint 5.0 mouse drivers & Logitech Mouse ware-drivers;Supports Windows 95/98/98SE/ME/NT4.0/2000/XP/VISTA, DOS, Linux, Novell Netware, FreeBSD.
D6022364	DIGITUS - the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Controls up to four PCs via a PS/2 keyboard, a PS/2 mouse and a monitor;Easy installation - no additional software required;PC selection via buttons, hot keys or mouse click (hot key function can be switched off);Clear on-screen display (OSD);Excellent video quality - up to 1920 x 1440, 200MHz bandwidth;Supports DDC, DDC2, DDC2B, DDC2AB;Hot plug and play;Keyboard and mouse emulation for error free booting of the computer;Autoscan (5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 sec. options) / autoskip function;Power supply via mains adaptor; included;incl. 4 sets of connection cable w/audio;Supports Standard-PS/2-Maus, Microsoft IntelliMouse plus complete support;for Microsoft IntelliPoint 5.0 mouse drivers & Logitech Mouse ware-drivers;Supports Windows 95/98/98SE/ME/NT4.0/2000/XP/VISTA, DOS, Linux, Novell Netware, FreeBSD.
D6022365	DIGITUS - the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Control up to six PCs via a PS/2 keyboard, a PS/2 mouse and a monitor;Easy installation - no additional software required;PC selection via buttons, hot keys or mouse click (hot key function can be switched off);Excellent video quality - up to 1920 x 1440, 200MHz bandwidth;Supports DDC, DDC2, DDC2B, DDC2AB;Hot plug and play;Keyboard and mouse emulation for error free booting of the computer;Autoscan (5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 sec. options) / autoskip function;Incl. 19" installation brackets 1HE;Supports Standard-PS/2-Maus, Microsoft IntelliMouse plus complete support for Microsoft;IntelliPoint 5.0 mouse drivers & Logitech Mouse ware-drivers;Supports Windows 95/98/98SE/ME/NT4.0/2000/XP/VISTA, DOS, Linux, Novell Netware, FreeBSD.
D6022367	DIGITUS - the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Control up to eight PCs via a PS/2 keyboard, a PS/2 mouse and a monitor;Easy installation - no additional software required;PC selection via buttons, hot keys or mouse click;Clear on-screen display (OSD);Excellent video quality - up to 1920 x 1440, 200MHz bandwidth;Supports DDC, DDC2, DDC2B, DDC2AB;Hot plug and play;Keyboard and mouse emulation for error free booting of the computer;Autoscan (5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 sec. options) / autoskip function;Power supply via mains adaptor; included;Incl. 19" installation bracket 1HE;Supports Standard-PS/2-Maus, Microsoft IntelliMouse plus complete support;for Microsoft IntelliPoint 5.0 mouse drivers & Logitech Mouse ware-drivers;Supports Windows 95/98/98SE/ME/NT4.0/2000/XP/VISTA, DOS, Linux, Novell Netware, FreeBSD.
D6022371	Marketing description is not available.
D6022373	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.
D6022374	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.
D6022375	Digitus products become generally accepted in more than 20 countries and the array of products is extended weekly.
D6022376	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS Network, DIGITUS Connect, DIGITUS Accessories and DIGITUS Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:Mouse-Wrist Pad;Nylon Clothing;Ergonomically designed mouse pads;Gel-filled wrist rest for supporting the forearm.
D6022377	Digitus products become generally accepted in more than 20 countries and the array of products is extended weekly.
D6022379	Digitus products become generally accepted in more than 20 countries and the array of products is extended weekly.
D6022380	Digitus products become generally accepted in more than 20 countries and the array of products is extended weekly.
D6022382	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS Network, DIGITUS Connect, DIGITUS Accessories and DIGITUS Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:DVD / CD Jewel Case;Transparent plastic;Packaging unit: 10 Pcs.
D6022384	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS Network, DIGITUS Connect, DIGITUS Accessories and DIGITUS Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:DVD / CD Slim Case;Transparent plastic;Packaging unit: 10 Pcs.
D6022386	The DIGITUS Professional Network Cabinets are made of a robust steel construction with a minimum of seams. The cabinet can be taken apart for easy entry in small rooms. Ideal housing for active and passive 19" components. The elegant design fits into every modern office or computer center.PRODUCT FEATURES:1.5 mm - 2 mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity;Side sections detachable and lockable;Ventilation slots for passive ventilation and exhaustion;Protection class IP 40;Framed safety glass door, opening angle 180° with lockable swing handle, optionally available as a double-wing door;Lockable steel rear door;Spring-mounted hinges enable easy installation of the door or door stop;Up to 500kg load-bearing capacity;Adjustable 19" profile rails in depth, front and rear sides;Large cable entry with rubber-edged sliding mechanism on the floor, as protection against cable breakage and damage, and ensures the fixation of large bundles of cable;Cable feeds with brush strips;Completely earthed;Height-adjustable leveling feet for the equalization of uneven floors.
D6022387	The DIGITUS SOHO Wall Cabinets are made of a robust steel construction with a minimum of seams. Ideal for all current IT- and Telecommunication applications.PRODUCT FEATURES:1, 1mm - 1, 5mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity;Side sections detachable and lockable;Ventilationslots for passive ventilation and exhaustion;Protection rating IP 40;Safety-Glass door with steel frame and lockable;Cable entry on top and bottom;Grounded.
D6022388	The DIGITUS ECO Wall Cabinets are completely dismantled. This saves place and enormous transport costs. It is easy and fast mountable. Ideal for all current IT and Telecommunication applications.PRODUCT FEATURES:1, 1mm - 1, 5mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity;Ventilation slots for active and passive ventilation;Safety-Glass door with steel frame and lockable;2 x 19" profiles;Cable entry on top and bottom;Top-floor module for Fan unit.
D6022389	The DIGITUS SOHO Wall Cabinets are made of a robust steel construction with a minimum of seams. Ideal for all current IT- and Telecommunication applications.PRODUCT FEATURES:1, 1mm - 1, 5mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity;Side sections detachable and lockable;Ventilation slots for passive ventilation and exhaustion;Protection rating IP 40;Safety-Glass door with steel frame and lockable;2 x 19" profile rails;Cable entry on top and bottom;Grounded.
D6022392	The DIGITUS Eco Wall Cabinets are completely dismantled. This saves place and enormous transport costs. It is easy and fast mountable. Ideal for all current IT and Telecommunication applications.PRODUCT FEATURES:1, 1mm - 1, 5mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity;Ventilation slots for active and passive ventilation;Safety-Glass door with steel frame and lockable;2 x 19" profiles;Cable entry on top and bottom;Top-floor module for Fan unit.
D6022393	The DIGITUS SOHO Wall Cabinets are made of a robust steel construction with a minimum of seams. Ideal for all current IT- and Telecommunication applications.PRODUCT FEATURES:1, 1mm - 1, 5mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity;Side sections detachable and lockable;Ventilation slots for passive ventilation and exhaustion;Protection rating IP 40;Safety-Glass door with steel frame and lockable;2 x 19" profile rails;Cable entry on top and bottom;Grounded.
D6022396	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS Network, DIGITUS Connect, DIGITUS Accessories and DIGITUS Blister.
D6022400	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.This Connection Kit is a delivery of 4 units as set including screw set for 19" assembly.
D6022402	Marketing description is not available.
D6022403	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.
D6022405	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:Telescopic and lockable;3 U 19" Rack-mountable;Fastening for 19'' mounting.
D6022407	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:For installation into 19" Unit;Up to 12, 5m³ air circulation per minute;Adjustable from 0 - 35°C.
D6022409	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:For installation into 19" Unit;Up to 12, 5m³ air circulation per minute;Adjustable from 0 - 35°C.
D6022410	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:For installation into Top-floor module;Up to 12, 5m³ air circulation per minute;Adjustable from 0 - 35°C.
D6022412	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:For installation into Top-floor module;Up to 12, 5m³ air circulation per minute;Adjustable from 0 - 35°C.
D6022413	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (small office - home offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Cooling unit for Digitus server racks;Up to 12, 5m³ air circulation per minute;Adjustable from 0 - 35°C.
D6022414	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (small office - home offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Cooling unit for Digitus server racks;Up to 12, 5m³ air circulation per minute;Adjustable from 0 - 35°C.
D6022415	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (small office - home offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Cooling unit for Digitus server racks;Up to 12, 5m³ air circulation per minute;Adjustable from 0 - 35°C.
D6022416	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (small office - home offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:For installation into Top-floor module;Adjustable from 0 - 35°C.
D6022421	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (small office - home offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Strong sheet steel shelf with high load capacity;For fixing point fit the sites of main frames for a wider shelf area;Complete with fixing material.
D6022423	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (small office - home offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Strong sheet steel shelf with high load capacity;For fixing point fit the sites of main frames for a wider shelf area;Complete with fixing material.
D6022424	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (small office - home offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Stable sheet steel shelf in light gray (RAL 7035);Complete with fixing material.
D6022426	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (small office - home offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Strong sheet steel shelf with high load capacity;For fixing point fit the sites of main frames for a wider shelf area;Complete with fixing material.
D6022427	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (small office - home offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Strong sheet steel shelf with high load capacity;For fixing point fit the sites of main frames for a wider shelf area;Complete with fixing material.
D6022431	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS Network, DIGITUS Connect, DIGITUS Accessories and DIGITUS Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:DVD Double Case;For two DVD's / CD's;Packaging unit: 5 Pcs.
D6022432	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS Network, DIGITUS Connect, DIGITUS Accessories and DIGITUS Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:DVD single Case;For one DVD/CD with additional manual;Packaging unit: 5 Pcs.
D6022435	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:Efficient and energy saving LEDs;Powered by the USB port of a PC or Notebook;Universal clip;Clearly illuminates the keyboard or documents in low light environments;Turns on when PC is powered up.
D6022436	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:3 efficient and energy saving LEDs;Powered by the USB port of a PC or Notebook;Flexible gooseneck;Clearly illuminates the keyboard or documents in low light environments.
D6022437	Digitus DC DOCK4 is the ideally solution for notebooks and subnotebooks.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 2.0 and USB 1.1 compatible;Delivery inclusive power supply;Suitable for Windows XP.
D6022438	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6022441	DIGITUS - the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Category 5e, EIA TIA 568 and ISO IEC 11801 / EN 50173;Suitable up to 100 MHz;Shielded RJ 45 sockets 8P8C, strain relieving 45° socket angle;Integrated installation cable strain relief;Shielding from enclosed metal die cast housing;On wall / in wall ready;Cable installation via LSA strips, color codes based on EIA/TIA 568 A & B.
D6022442	Digitus offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:Category 6, EIA TIA 568, ISO IEC 11801 Class E, EN 50173;For up to 250 MHz;Shielded RJ45 sockets, 8P8C, strain relieving 40°socket angle;Integrated installation cable strain relief;Shielded RJ45 sockets due to enclosed metal die cast housing;On wall / in wall ready;Cable installation via LSA strips, color codes based on EIA/TIA 568 A & B.
D6022443	DIGITUS - the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Category 6, EIA TIA 568, ISO IEC 11801 Class E, EN 50173;For up to 250 MHz;Shielded RJ45 sockets, 8P8C, strain relieving 40°socket angle;Integrated installation cable strain relief;Shielded RJ45 sockets due to enclosed metal die cast housing;On wall / in wall ready;Cable installation via LSA strips, color codes based on EIA/TIA 568 A & B.
D6022447	The DIGITUS Server Cabinets are especially suitable for Server and Switches with high installation depth. The reasoned construction ensures on effectively air circulation and cooling for installed devises. The cabinet can be taken apart for easy entry in small rooms. The shipment is always with mounted cabinets.PRODUCT FEATURES:1, 5mm - 2, 0mm sheet steel, Lack;Side walls dismountable and lockable;Suitable for all types of Servers;Ventilation slots for active and passive ventilation;Protection rating IP 20;Perforated front and backdoor lockable;Removable front and rear 19" profiles;Levelling feet's;Tip-over-protection on server pull out;Grounded;Top-floor module for Fan unit.
D6022449	The DIGITUS Server Cabinets are especially suitable for Server and Switches with high installation depth. The reasoned construction ensures on effectively air circulation and cooling for installed devises. The cabinet can be taken apart for easy entry in small rooms. The shipment is always with mounted cabinets.
D6022450	The DIGITUS Server Cabinets are especially suitable for Server and Switches with high installation depth. The reasoned construction ensures on effectively air circulation and cooling for installed devises. The cabinet can be taken apart for easy entry in small rooms. The shipment is always with mounted cabinets.PRODUCT FEATURES:1.5 mm - 2 mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity, painted;Side sections detachable and lockable;Ventilation slits for passive ventilation and exhaustion;Protection class IP 20;Perforated steel front door, opening angle 180° with lockable swing handle;Perforated double-wing steel rear doors;Spring-mounted hinges enable easy installation of the door or door stop;Suitable for all server types;Large cable entry with rubber-edged sliding mechanism on the floor, as protection against cable breakage and damage, and ensures the fixation of large bundles of cable;Cable entries with brush strips on the floor and in the rear level;Height-adjustable leveling feet for the equalization of uneven floors including rollers;Tilt-prevention mechanism when pulling out servers.
D6022451	The DIGITUS Server Cabinets are especially suitable for Server and Switches with high installation depth. The reasoned construction ensures on effectively air circulation and cooling for installed devises. The cabinet can be taken apart for easy entry in small rooms. The shipment is always with mounted cabinets.PRODUCT FEATURES:1.5 mm - 2 mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity, painted;Side sections detachable and lockable;Ventilation slits for passive ventilation and exhaustion;Protection class IP 20;Perforated steel front door, opening angle 180° with lockable swing handle;Perforated double-wing steel rear doors;Spring-mounted hinges enable easy installation of the door or door stop;3-point locking system, optionally available with cylinder lock;Suitable for all server types;Large cable entry with rubber-edged sliding mechanism on the floor, as protection against cable breakage and damage, and ensures the fixation of large bundles of cable;Cable entries with brush strips on the floor and in the rear level;Height-adjustable leveling feet for the equalization of uneven floors including rollers;Tilt-prevention mechanism when pulling out servers.
D6022453	The DIGITUS Professional Network Cabinets are made of a robust steel construction with a minimum of seams. The cabinet can be taken apart for easy entry in small rooms. Ideal housing for active and passive 19" components. The elegant design fits into every modern office or computer center.PRODUCT FEATURES:1.5 mm - 2 mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity;Side sections detachable and lockable;Ventilation slots for passive ventilation and exhaustion;Protection class IP 40;Framed safety glass door, opening angle 180° with lockable swing handle, optionally available as a double-wing door;Lockable steel rear door;Spring-mounted hinges enable easy installation of the door or door stop;Large cable entry with rubber-edged sliding mechanism on the floor, as protection against cable breakage and damage, and ensures the fixation of large bundles of cable;Cable feeds with brush strips;Completely earthed;Height-adjustable leveling feet for the equalization of uneven floors.
D6022454	The Digitus Eco-Line 19" cabinets are suitable for all typical computer and telecommunication applications.PRODUCT FEATURES:1.5mm - 2mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity;Ventilation slots for passive ventilation and exhaustion;Protection class IP 40;Framed safety glass door, opening angle 180° with lockable Swing handle, optionally available as a double-wing door;Lockable steel rear door;Up to 400kg loading capacity;19" profile rails adjustable in depth, front and back;Large cable entry with rubber-edged sliding mechanism on the floor, as protection against cable breakage and damage, and ensures the fixation of large bundles of cable;Height adjustable feet to compensate for uneven floors;Ceiling module for ventilation unit.
D6022456	The DIGITUS Professional Network Cabinets are made of a robust steel construction with a minimum of seams. The cabinet can be taken apart for easy entry in small rooms. Ideal housing for active and passive 19" components. The elegant design fits into every modern office or computer center.PRODUCT FEATURES:1.5 mm - 2 mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity;Side sections detachable and lockable;Ventilation slots for passive ventilation and exhaustion;Protection class IP 40;Framed safety glass door, opening angle 180° with lockable swing handle, optionally available as a double-wing door;Glass front door;Spring-mounted hinges enable easy installation of the door or door stop;Up to 500kg load-bearing capacity;Adjustable 19" profile rails in depth, front and rear sides;Large cable entry with rubber-edged sliding mechanism on the floor, as protection against cable breakage and damage, and ensures the fixation of large bundles of cable;Cable feeds with brush strips;Completely earthed;Height-adjustable leveling feet for the equalization of uneven floors;Roof module for ventilation unit.
D6022457	The DIGITUS Professional Network Cabinets are made of a robust steel construction with a minimum of seams. The cabinet can be taken apart for easy entry in small rooms. Ideal housing for active and passive 19" components. The elegant design fits into every modern office or computer center.PRODUCT FEATURES:1.5 mm - 2 mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity;Side sections detachable and lockable;Ventilation slots for passive ventilation and exhaustion;Protection class IP 40;Framed safety glass door, opening angle 180° with lockable swing handle, optionally available as a double-wing door;Glass front door;Spring-mounted hinges enable easy installation of the door or door stop;Up to 500kg load-bearing capacity;Adjustable 19" profile rails in depth, front and rear sides;Large cable entry with rubber-edged sliding mechanism on the floor, as protection against cable breakage and damage, and ensures the fixation of large bundles of cable;Cable feeds with brush strips;Completely earthed;Height-adjustable leveling feet for the equalization of uneven floors;Roof module for ventilation unit.
D6022461	The DIGITUS Professional Network Cabinets are made of a robust steel construction with a minimum of seams. The cabinet can be taken apart for easy entry in small rooms. Ideal housing for active and passive 19" components. The elegant design fits into every modern office or computer center. The shipment is always with mounted cabinets.PRODUCT FEATURES:1.5 mm - 2 mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity;Side sections detachable and lockable;Ventilation slots for passive ventilation and exhaustion;Protection class IP 40;Framed safety glass door, opening angle 180° with lockable swing handle, optionally available as a double-wing door;Glass front door;Spring-mounted hinges enable easy installation of the door or door stop;Up to 500kg load-bearing capacity;Adjustable 19" profile rails in depth, front and rear sides;Large cable entry with rubber-edged sliding mechanism on the floor, as protection against cable breakage and damage, and ensures the fixation of large bundles of cable;Cable feeds with brush strips;Completely earthed;Height-adjustable leveling feet for the equalization of uneven floors;Roof module for ventilation unit.
D6022463	The standard of the "Digitus Ecoline" 19"cabinets are completely disassembled. This saves space and minimizes the shipping costs. The easily identifiable parts make rapid assembly child's play. The cabinets are suitable for all typical computer and telecommunication applications.PRODUCT FEATURES:1.5mm - 2mm strong sheet steel with high load capacity;Ventilation slots for passive ventilation and exhaustion;Protection class IP 40;Framed safety glass door, opening angle 180° with lockable Swing handle, optionally available as a double-wing door;Glass front door;Up to 400kg loading capacity;Large cable entry with rubber-edged sliding mechanism on the floor, as protection against cable breakage and damage, and ensures the fixation of large bundles of cable;Height adjustable feet to compensate for uneven floors;Ceiling module for ventilation unit.
D6022464	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (small office - home offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Stable sheet steel shelf in light gray (RAL 7035);Complete with fixing material.
D6022465	These slide rails are designed to support heavy 19" devices by mounting to the 19" angles at the sides.PRODUCT FEATURES:Supplied with fixings, easy to install;Material sheet steel, zinc plated.
D6022466	Slide rails are designed to support heavy 19" devices by mounting to the 19" angles at the sides.
D6022468	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.
D6022469	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.
D6022472	The DIGITUS Server Cabinets are especially suitable for Server and Switches with high installation depth. The reasoned construction ensures on effectively air circulation and cooling for installed devises. The cabinet can be taken apart for easy entry in small rooms. The shipment is always with mounted cabinets.This product features 5 hoops.
D6022474	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:Resistant up to 250 kg.
D6022475	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.
D6022478	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.
D6022479	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.
D6022480	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS NETWORK, DIGITUS CONNECT, DIGITUS ACCESSORIES and DIGITUS BLISTER.
D6022483	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:Telescopic and lockable;Delivery includes Fastening for 19'' mounting.
D6022484	Suitable for all DIGITUS 19" cabinets excepting unmounted wall mounting cabinetsFor secure storage of keyboards, documents and so onFixing at 19" mounting anglesLockable and extensibleSheet steel
D6022488	The complete DIGITUS assortment contains extensive products of its active and passive network components. With DIGITUS you are able to install your individual network.PRODUCT FEATURES:Share USB 2.0 Hi Speed Devices on the network;Provide 2 USB 2.0 Hi Speed host ports;Share Printers, Storage Devices and Scanner on the Network;Share USB Harddisk (FAT 16 and FAT 32), flashdrive and Cardreader;Support SMB/CIFS and FTP file server with user level security;LAN: 10/100 Mbps;SDRAM 8Mbytes / Flash 2Mbytes;CPU: X86 150 MHZ;Provide Windows Tool for Windows 98SE/ME/2000/2003/XP;Support Easy Setup through Web Browser.
D6022497	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Fast Ethernet Switch N-Way 16 Port;10/100MBIT Desktop 16x RJ-45 Realtek Chipset;IEEE 802.3 and IEEE 802.3u compatible;20/200 MBit full duplex;Automatic speed and half/full duplex detection / configuration;Store and forward architecture;Auto MDI / MDI-X function;External power supply.
D6022498	DIGITUS - the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Corresponds to specification USB 2.0;Use one or two USB 1.1 / 2.0 devices with two or four PCs;Keyboard hot-key switching between the devices / PCs;Operating system support for Windows 98, ME, 2000, XP and MAC OS 9/10.x;No additional power supply required;Power supply via USB.
D6022500	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS Network, DIGITUS Connect, DIGITUS Accessories and DIGITUS Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:High-quality material.
D6022501	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS Network, DIGITUS Connect, DIGITUS Accessories and DIGITUS Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:High-quality material.
D6022503	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS Network, DIGITUS Connect, DIGITUS Accessories and DIGITUS Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:High-quality material.
D6022505	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS Network, DIGITUS Connect, DIGITUS Accessories and DIGITUS Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:Interior fully padded with variable inside dividers;Two hook and loop bands for securing the notebook;Various inside pockets;Including flat zipper pockets on front and back;Padded grip and shoulder strap;Material: high quality tweed nylon.
D6022506	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:Interior fully padded with variable inside dividers;Two hook and loop bands for securing the notebook;Various inside pockets;Including flat zipper pockets on front and back;Padded grip and shoulder strap;Material: high quality tweed nylon.
D6022507	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS Network, DIGITUS Connect, DIGITUS Accessories and DIGITUS Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:Inside fully padded with variable inside dividers;Extra deep;Two hook and loop bands for securing the notebook;Various inside pockets;Includes two zipper pockets on front and one on back;Padded grip and shoulder strap;Material: high quality tweed nylon.
D6022508	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:High-quality material;Various inside pockets, pocket with pressure catch in front with inside divider (e.g. mobile phone pocket, pen holders etc.);Zipper bag with document pocket in back.
D6022521	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS NETWORK, DIGITUS CONNECT, DIGITUS ACCESSORIES and DIGITUS BLISTER.PRODUCT FEATURES:2 switchable inputs (PC), 4 outputs (Monitor);Built-in line amplifier, up to 65 m;DDC, DDC2, DDC2B support;Cascadable.
D6022522	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Maximum resolution 1600 x 1200 Pixel @ 60 Hz;By Panel Link Digital Technik highest Video resolution, up to UXGA;UXGA 25 - 165 MHz;Input: DVI-I Female;Outputs: DVI-I Female;Cable length between Monitor and Splitter up to 10m.
D6022523	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Maximum resolution 1600 x 1200 Pixel at 60 Hz;By Panel Link Digital Technik highest Video resolution, up to UXGA;UXGA 25 - 165 MHz;Input: DVI-I Female;Outputs: DVI-I Female;Cable length between Monitor and Splitter up to 10m.
D6022528	Digitus offers a complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB PnP interface;Easy to use;No external power supply required;Integrated sound card;Able to use as microphone/ speaker for all PC-based softphones.
D6022533	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Integration with own IP address or automatically via DHCP;Built-in high performance CPU and MPEG4 encoder chip;Audio- and video transmission;Access via web browser with Active X support.
D6022536	The complete DIGITUS assortment contains extensive products of its active and passive network components. With DIGITUS you are able to install your individual network.
D6022537	The complete DIGITUS assortment contains extensive products of its active and passive network components. With DIGITUS you are able to install your individual network.
D6024792	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.PRODUCT FEATURES:Robust and space saving design with lockable side panel and front door;Offers a max. of expandability through 10 internal 3.5" bays and a way of installation for Redundant PSUs and overall 7 chassis fans.
D6024793	Chieftec's newest chassis combines multiple customer preferences and the consequent future trend of Chieftec typical innovations. Barely no other Miditower chassis is able to take up ATX- and EATX size mainboards, six HDDs and five optional fans. For the first time you are able to install all your external devices only by hand, no mounting rails, no installation plates, no knurled screws, no tools. Only your new chassis, your device(s) (DVD, FDD, etc.) and You. Also the HDD installation is completely screwless. Using patented HDD-rails, the decoupled HDD installation is as easy as followed.
D6024794	Chieftec's newest chassis combines multiple customer preferences and the consequent future trend of Chieftec typical innovations. Barely no other Miditower chassis is able to take up ATX- and EATX size mainboards, six HDDs and five optional fans. For the first time you are able to install all your external devices only by hand, no mounting rails, no installation plates, no knurled screws, no tools. Only your new chassis, your device(s) (DVD, FDD, etc.) and You. Also the HDD installation is completely screwless. Using patented HDD-rails, the decoupled HDD installation is as easy as followed.
D6024797	Chieftec's innovative chassis, the DH-03 Series unifies an experience-proven chassis with a puristic industrial design. In addition to the three external 5.25" bays, their nearly screwless installation being realized by 'smart screws', this chassis further offers a removable HDD cage, where three 3.5" HDDs and one optional 80mm fan may be installed. Two external 3.5" bays, externally accessible round up the excellent scalability of the DH-03 chassis.Another security feature is the lockable side panel. The 'Mesh' front is cut by a centered, upright aligned acryl bezel with integrated status-LEDs for power (blue) and HDDs (red). Owing to its front connectors (USB, FiWi, Audio), located user-friendly in the middle of the front panels on the right edge, an excellent multimedia connectivity is provided.
D6024799	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.PRODUCT FEATURES:Special spring design for anti-vibration, and one-thumb screw for FDD installation more efficiently;Patented HDD screwless Rail design, and sliding HDD drivers for installation;More Fan holes designing on both side panels to enhance thermal concern;Increasing to 6x3.5" HDD Cages installation (suitable for S-ATA HDD too) for more flexible upgrading purpose.
D6024800	CHIEFTEC's SH-01Series chassis combines multiple customer preferences and the consequent future trend of CHIEFTEC typical innovations. Barely any other Miditower chassis is able to take up ATX- and EATX size mainboards, six HDD's and five optional fans.
D6024802	Enermax Technology's main product range includes switching power supplies, PC cases, industrial PC cases, pedestal and tower server cases, CPU coolers, second fans, mobile racks and other peripherals. Enermax is always looking for the latest cutting-edge technology to offer its clients. Enermax's own design engineers work around the clock to come up with the best solutions and products to meet the demand of the market. Now, Enermax is engaged in developing more powerful types of products to serve customers in the future.PRODUCT FEATURES:World's first case with external SATA port in front;Massively curved meshed front panel with 2 brushed aluminum columns;2 CD-ROM flip covers integrated;Tool-free drive bays and removable HDD cage;12cm fan slots in front and rear for silent cooling (12cm fan not included);250mm monster fan with reversible switch (Side).
D6024812	Arctic Cooling is a leader in creating thermal cooling solution for personal computer systems that enable CPU (Central Processing Unit), GPU (Graphic Processing Unit) and PC case cooling while reducing the noise level.PRODUCT FEATURES:Best Noise-Performance Ratio;Patented Case Design;Patented Vibration Absorption.
D6024816	Arctic Cooling is a leader in creating thermal cooling solution for personal computer systems that enable CPU (Central Processing Unit), GPU (Graphic Processing Unit) and PC case cooling while reducing the noise level.
D6025454	Marketing description is not available.
D6025933	Fanner Tech is the expert in designing and manufacturing total thermal solutions that meets high standards of today's computer industry.PRODUCT FEATURES:Sleeve bearing;Rated speed 1500RPM +/- 10%;Noise level 24.0 dBA;4Pin Molex.
D6027039	The ICY BOX IB-861-S 33 in one Card Reader with multiport front panel supports 33 memory cards, fits into standard 5.25" drive bay. It features 4 port USB hub and lighted interfaces.
D6027068	RaidSonic ICY Dock is a compact aluminum Mobil Rack in black for 3, 5" SATA I/II HDD, with keylock and fan, with SATA interface, only 188mm installation depth.
D6028067	This RangeMax NEXT PCI adapter ensures that your desktop computer can connect from anywhere in your home, with maximum coverage and bandwidth, enabling you and the rest of your household to simultaneously connect to multiple Internet services, including online gaming, video streaming, and MP3 downloads.When used in conjunction with NETGEAR's WNR834B RangeMax NEXT wireless cable router, the WN311B PCI adapter will provide maximum coverage and bandwidth, enabling you and your entire household to simultaneously connect to multiple Internet services and online media.To explain the capabilities of RangeMax NEXT wireless router and adapters further: Imagine connecting to the Internet from anywhere in the house, without a cable. Then imagine everyone in the house connecting at the same time, and all doing things online or over the network - all at the same time: Watching a Hi-Definition video or TV program in the living room, browsing the Internet in the study, playing online games in the den, downloading MP3 music from the dining room - all at the same time. This is what RangeMax NEXT is capable of, all over a single home wireless network that provides a constant, 'rock-steady' connection.With the RangeMax NEXT PCI desktop PC adapter inserted, your computer will maintain a steady, constant connection (when used in conjunction with the WNR834B Wireless Router), with sufficient bandwidth available to stream, download, browse the Internet, and transfer files all at the same time.With RangeMax NEXT you should not experience any more frustrating interruptions or freezes, just a constant connection that enables you and your household to use the Internet and wireless network as you choose, whenever you choose.Touchless WiFi Security makes creating the highest level of network security easy and includes industry standard wireless encryption standards for you to choose from: WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK. These security features enable you to 'lock-down' your home wireless network, protecting you against unwanted intruders.As with all NETGEAR wireless products, the WN311B RangeMax NEXT wireless PCI adapter is easy to set-up with NETGEAR's Smart Wizard. This RangeMax NEXT adapter is backward compatible with existing wireless devices, including 54 Mbps 802.11g and 11 Mbps 802.11b - but bear in mind that the coverage and bandwidth won't be as good with these devices on your home wireless network.
D6028720	Bringing cutting edge technology to the masses with laser technology.20 times more precise than standard optical.
D6047534	The DIGITUS Server Cabinets are especially suitable for Server and Switches with high installation depth. The reasoned construction ensures on effectively air circulation and cooling for installed devises. The cabinet can be taken apart for easy entry in small rooms. The shipment is always with mounted cabinets.
D6052866	RaidSonic's target is to develop innovative products, which enrich and perfect the use of mass storage in a functional, aesthetic and high quality way. By the consequent use of high-class components and materials, RaidSonic has positioned its products in the upper level market segment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Type: Serial ATA HDD (I/II);Plug & Play and Hot Swap;Host Interface: Serial ATA1.0 150-300MB/s;Device activity signaling;LED panel lighting;Compact construction;Blue-Eye-design, LED for power and HDD access.
D6052867	Razer is the world's leading brand in high-end computer gaming peripherals. The company reinvented the computer gaming industry by bringing the competitive edge to gamers when professional computer gaming was in its infancy.PRODUCT FEATURES:2000 DPI laser engine powered by Razer Precision;1000 Hz Ultrapolling with 1 ms response time as compared with 125Hz/8 ms response time used by other conventional gaming mice;32KB onboard memory powered by Razer Synapse;7 independently programmable buttons optimized with Razer's Hyperesponse technology for ultra tactile button feedback and maximum actions-per-minute (APM) gameplay;Zero-Acoustic Ultraslick Teflon feet;16 bit data path, as compared to 8 bit and 12 bit data paths used by other conventional mice;High speed motion detection, up to 45ips and 20g / Over 7080 frames per second;Always-On mode pioneered by Razer - the laser engine sensor never powers down to provide instantaneous response at all times during gameplay;Award winning Razer drivers featuring On-the-Fly Sensitivity DPI adjustment pioneered by Razer;GlowPipe non-slip side rails;Ergonomic ambidextrous design;Ultra large non-slip rubber coated mouse buttons;Gold plated USB connector for maximum conductivity;7 foot, lightweight, non-tangle cord.
D6053337	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D6057155	LC-Power belongs to a professional power service group, engaged in developing, designing, manufacturing and selling all kinds of switching power supplies and power supply systems.
D6059472	The Barracuda 7200.10 is the largest, most reliable disc drive around. New perpendicular recording technology supports vertically stored data bits, enabling increased areal density - and dependability - for workstations and performance PCs.
D6062833	The latest innovation from USB leader Belkin lets you connect up to seven devices quickly and easily, to your Macintosh computer. Designed to work seamlessly with all your USB 1.1 and USB 2.0 devices, Hi-Speed USB 2.0 7-Port Hub features two, top-loading downstream USB ports to give you fast access for temporary device connections such as USB thumb drives, media readers, iPod shuffle, and for USB lights, fans, and other accessories. Monitoring your device activity is simpler than ever with LEDs for master power status and all port activity. The stackable, slim-line design saves valuable desk space.
D6064038	Simply powerful, Samsung HDD solutions offer high performance, speed, and dependability demanded in today's computing environments. Samsung hard drive provides reliable data storage for any up-to-date mission critical applications on your PC, including video, audio and multimedia data. Samsung HDD solutions represent the value choice for the storage needs of your PC.PRODUCT FEATURES:Serial ATA 3.0Gbps Interface Support;SATA Native Command Queuing Feature set;Device Initiated SATA Power Management;Staggered Spin-up Support;High Speed Dual Digital Signal Processor (DSP) Based Architecture;ATA S.M.A.R.T. Compliant;ATA Automatic Acoustic Management Feature Set;ATA 48-bit Address Feature Set;ATA Streaming Feature Set;ATA Device Configuration Overlay Feature Set;NoiseGuard;SilentSeek.
D6094053	The Digitus Ecoline frames are offering highly cost-effective and assembly-friendly solutions for the numerous applications in the filed if network technology and electrics. Because of its modular design, it is easy to assemble and dismantle.PRODUCT FEATURES:2 mm sheet steel;Adjustable mounting and leveling feet.
D6110036	Following the success of the venerable Lascala series, a new era will start with the first Grandia series of HTPC case, the GD01. Updated with an advanced 52-in-1 card reader, enhanced low speed fans, and improved hard drive mounting bracket, the GD01 is then matched with classic lines from the most popular Lascala HTPC cases of the past to make a truly appealing package. As with many SilverStone HTPC cases before, the GD01 also has class-leading six hard drive capacity (for up to 4.5 Terabytes) and dual optical drive ready for Blu-ray and HD-DVD drives. For even more enriched multimedia experience, the GD01MX model features Multilanguage LCD, software, and remote control that is compatible with MCE remote and keyboard.
D6110037	Following the success of the venerable Lascala series, a new era will start with the first Grandia series of HTPC case, the GD01. Updated with an advanced 52-in-1 card reader, enhanced low speed fans, and improved hard drive mounting bracket, the GD01 is then matched with classic lines from the most popular Lascala HTPC cases of the past to make a truly appealing package. As with many SilverStone HTPC cases before, the GD01 also has class-leading six hard drive capacity (for up to 4.5 Terabytes) and dual optical drive ready for Blu-ray and HD-DVD drives. For even more enriched multimedia experience, the GD01MX model features Multilanguage LCD, software, and remote control that is compatible with MCE remote and keyboard.
D6128232	Marketing description is not available.
D6128234	Marketing description is not available.
D6128236	Marketing description is not available.
D6144458	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.
D6146202	The Barracuda 7200.10 is the largest, most reliable disc drive around. New perpendicular recording technology supports vertically stored data bits, enabling increased areal density - and dependability - for workstations and performance PCs.
D6151675	Windows Vista Business is the first Windows operating system designed specifically to meet the needs of small businesses. You'll empower your entire business to work more efficiently with a stunning and improved, simple-to-use interface that makes it easier to search and find the information you need quickly and easily, both on your PCs and on the web. With powerful new safety features, you're in control and can better protect the key information that is the life of your business and that builds the trust of your customers.And, for the growing business that always seems to be on the go, the mobile computing enhancements make it easier to stay connected to the rhythm of your business, both in and out of the office. Windows Vista Business makes all of this work for you while helping you spend less time on technology support-related issues - so you can spend more time making your business successful. Windows Vista Business simply makes it easier to manage how your employees connect to your network and to ensure that they get more out of their PCs, both in and out of the office. Be future-ready and lay the IT foundation that your business needs for today and tomorrow.
D6151685	The most complete edition of Windows Vista - with the power, security, and mobility features that you need for work, and all of the entertainment features that you want for fun.When you want to have it all, including the ability to shift smoothly between the worlds of play and productivity, there's Windows Vista Ultimate. You'll never have to worry about having the most advanced capabilities - they're all here. This edition of Windows Vista offers an advanced, business-focused infrastructure, mobile productivity, and a premium home digital entertainment experience, all in a single offering.Specifically, Windows Vista Ultimate offers all of the features found in Windows Vista Home Premium, including Windows Media Center, Windows Movie Maker with high-definition support, and Windows DVD Maker. It also offers all of the features found in Windows Vista Business, including business networking, centralized management tools, and advanced system backup features. And Windows Vista Ultimate has all of the new security and data protection features that help take Windows Vista to a whole new level of dependability.In addition, Windows Vista Ultimate includes support for all of the new mobility features in Windows Vista, including Windows Tablet and Touch Technology, Windows SideShow, Windows Mobility Center, and other new, advanced mobility features.If you want a single PC that fulfills all of your work, travel, and entertainment needs, or if you simply want to be confident that you have the very best, Windows Vista Ultimate is the no-compromise edition for you.
D6151686	The most complete edition of Windows Vista - with the power, security, and mobility features that you need for work, and all of the entertainment features that you want for fun.When you want to have it all, including the ability to shift smoothly between the worlds of play and productivity, there's Windows Vista Ultimate. You'll never have to worry about having the most advanced capabilities - they're all here. This edition of Windows Vista offers an advanced, business-focused infrastructure, mobile productivity, and a premium home digital entertainment experience, all in a single offering.Specifically, Windows Vista Ultimate offers all of the features found in Windows Vista Home Premium, including Windows Media Center, Windows Movie Maker with high-definition support, and Windows DVD Maker. It also offers all of the features found in Windows Vista Business, including business networking, centralized management tools, and advanced system backup features. And Windows Vista Ultimate has all of the new security and data protection features that help take Windows Vista to a whole new level of dependability.In addition, Windows Vista Ultimate includes support for all of the new mobility features in Windows Vista, including Windows Tablet and Touch Technology, Windows SideShow, Windows Mobility Center, and other new, advanced mobility features.If you want a single PC that fulfills all of your work, travel, and entertainment needs, or if you simply want to be confident that you have the very best, Windows Vista Ultimate is the no-compromise edition for you.
D6151695	Windows Vista Home Premium is the preferred edition for home desktop and mobile PCs. It provides a breakthrough design that brings your world into sharper focus while delivering the productivity, entertainment, and security you need from your PC at home or on the go.Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.It starts with a breakthrough design that makes your PC easier to use every day. With Windows Aero, you'll experience dynamic reflections, smooth gliding animations, transparent glass-like menu bars, and the ability to switch between your open windows in a new three-dimensional layout. Instant desktop search capabilities, coupled with powerful new ways to organize and visualize your information, means you can instantly find and use the e-mails, documents, photos, music, and the other information you want, when you need it.Windows Vista Home Premium also helps keep your personal information, your PC, and your family computing experience safer than in previous versions of Windows. For example, Windows Internet Explorer 7 in Windows Vista includes automated defenses against malicious software and fraudulent websites so you can use your PC online with greater confidence. Windows Vista Home Premium also provides automatic backup of your files, such as your valuable digital photos, music, movies, documents, and other files, so you can relax and focus on the things you care about most. And, by using the built-in parental controls, parents can help ensure their children's computer use is appropriate and safer.And what about fun? A major advance in Windows Vista Home Premium is the dramatically improved digital entertainment experience. Windows Media Center makes organizing and enjoying photos, music, DVDs, recorded TV, and home movies easier and more fun. Windows Vista Home Premium makes it easier to burn your photo slide shows and home movies to a professional-looking video DVD that your friends and family can watch on a DVD player or PC whenever they like. Combined with unbeatable support for gaming and music, Windows Vista Home Premium delivers a complete home entertainment experience.If you want a PC that can keep up with you while you're on the go, then you'll appreciate how Windows Vista Home Premium helps you get the most from your mobile PC. It provides simplified power management, easier wireless networking, and streamlined ways to sync with the devices that keep you connected. Because it's incredibly flexible, you can even draw and write by hand on a Tablet PC, and enjoy all of your entertainment through Windows Media Center when you're on the road, in a coffee shop, or relaxing on the couch. Mobile computing has never been like this before.Finally, Windows Vista Home Premium makes it easier than ever to set up and maintain your new PC. There are new features that make it easier to transfer all of your data and settings from your old PC to your new one and technology that helps keep your system running quickly and reliably over time.Whether you're balancing your checkbook, studying for school on your mobile PC, watching a downloaded or recorded movie at home, or sharing your favorite photos with friends on a custom DVD, the experience is much better on a PC running Windows Vista Home Premium.
D6151701	Windows Vista Home Premium is the preferred edition for home desktop and mobile PCs. It provides a breakthrough design that brings your world into sharper focus while delivering the productivity, entertainment, and security you need from your PC at home or on the go.Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.It starts with a breakthrough design that makes your PC easier to use every day. With Windows Aero, you'll experience dynamic reflections, smooth gliding animations, transparent glass-like menu bars, and the ability to switch between your open windows in a new three-dimensional layout. Instant desktop search capabilities, coupled with powerful new ways to organize and visualize your information, means you can instantly find and use the e-mails, documents, photos, music, and the other information you want, when you need it.Windows Vista Home Premium also helps keep your personal information, your PC, and your family computing experience safer than in previous versions of Windows. For example, Windows Internet Explorer 7 in Windows Vista includes automated defenses against malicious software and fraudulent websites so you can use your PC online with greater confidence. Windows Vista Home Premium also provides automatic backup of your files, such as your valuable digital photos, music, movies, documents, and other files, so you can relax and focus on the things you care about most. And, by using the built-in parental controls, parents can help ensure their children's computer use is appropriate and safer.And what about fun? A major advance in Windows Vista Home Premium is the dramatically improved digital entertainment experience. Windows Media Center makes organizing and enjoying photos, music, DVDs, recorded TV, and home movies easier and more fun. Windows Vista Home Premium makes it easier to burn your photo slide shows and home movies to a professional-looking video DVD that your friends and family can watch on a DVD player or PC whenever they like. Combined with unbeatable support for gaming and music, Windows Vista Home Premium delivers a complete home entertainment experience.If you want a PC that can keep up with you while you're on the go, then you'll appreciate how Windows Vista Home Premium helps you get the most from your mobile PC. It provides simplified power management, easier wireless networking, and streamlined ways to sync with the devices that keep you connected. Because it's incredibly flexible, you can even draw and write by hand on a Tablet PC, and enjoy all of your entertainment through Windows Media Center when you're on the road, in a coffee shop, or relaxing on the couch. Mobile computing has never been like this before.Finally, Windows Vista Home Premium makes it easier than ever to set up and maintain your new PC. There are new features that make it easier to transfer all of your data and settings from your old PC to your new one and technology that helps keep your system running quickly and reliably over time.Whether you're balancing your checkbook, studying for school on your mobile PC, watching a downloaded or recorded movie at home, or sharing your favorite photos with friends on a custom DVD, the experience is much better on a PC running Windows Vista Home Premium.
D6151714	Windows Vista Business is the first Windows operating system designed specifically to meet the needs of small businesses. You'll empower your entire business to work more efficiently with a stunning and improved, simple-to-use interface that makes it easier to search and find the information you need quickly and easily, both on your PCs and on the web. With powerful new safety features, you're in control and can better protect the key information that is the life of your business and that builds the trust of your customers.And, for the growing business that always seems to be on the go, the mobile computing enhancements make it easier to stay connected to the rhythm of your business, both in and out of the office. Windows Vista Business makes all of this work for you while helping you spend less time on technology support-related issues - so you can spend more time making your business successful. Windows Vista Business simply makes it easier to manage how your employees connect to your network and to ensure that they get more out of their PCs, both in and out of the office. Be future-ready and lay the IT foundation that your business needs for today and tomorrow.
D6151750	Imagine all the attention that makes your office exclusive.Toner Save Mode of the SCX-4725FN reduces toner consumption by up to 30%, giving you more print outs per toner cartridge. This mode not only remains the print quality, but also saves papers for draft copies.Store a few functions as 'Favorite Copy'. Instead of requiring multiple steps to select copy options, pressing the 'Favorite Copy' button requires only one step to complete the assigned special copy. As fast as it gets.SCX-4725FN sends a fax document directly from your PC through SmarThru software. You can just sit and watch everything being done.
D6156769	The Barracuda 7200.10 is the largest, most reliable disc drive around. New perpendicular recording technology supports vertically stored data bits, enabling increased areal density - and dependability - for workstations and performance PCs.
D6156986	The DA-80200 Wireless GPS Receiver is a total solution GPS receiver with Bluetooth, UART interface and built-in rechargeable battery for high sensitivity to tracking signal. DA-80200 design is based on SiRF Star III low power Architecture.DA-80200 is a dual-function GPS receiver. It transmits satellite information through the PDA or Notebook with Bluetooth interfaces and is a G-Mouse GPS receiver through a data cable to deliver satellite signal to the device without Bluetooth interface.This positioning application meets strict needs such as car navigation, mapping, surveying, security, agriculture and so on. Only clear view of sky and certain power supply are necessary to the unit. DA-80200 contacts to other device through Bluetooth device, compatible interface or USB, and built-in recharge battery to save satellite information such as the status of satellite signal, the last location, date and time of last use.With low power consumption, the DA-80200 tracks up to 20 satellites at a time, re-acquires satellite signals in 100 ms and updates position data every second. Trickle-Power allows the unit operates a fraction of the time and Push-to-Fix permits user to have a quick position fix even though the receiver usually stays off.
D6156996	Whether it be for your next multimedia presentation, the most recent film highlights on DVD, MP3 songs, or a thrilling soundstage for your high-end games: with the Aureon 5.1 USB MKII you can enjoy first-class sound over 6 channels. On your home PC, or on the go with your laptop or notebook.And all this without the nuisance of a complicated installation and configuration process. You don't need special drivers or a separate power supply. Just plug it into the USB port, and you're ready to go!Genuine surround sound over 6 channels with analog outputs and inputs, gold-plated connections, digital inputs/outputs as well as microphone and line-level inputs. Additionally, the Aureon 5.1 USB MKII has a headphone jack. The Aureon 5.1 USB MKII is not just perfect for mobile use, it can be installed quickly via Plug&Play.This little sound machine also offers everything else you expect from a good audio card. For pure listening pleasure, particularly for your DVD software, this card supports current surround sound standards.
D6160127	The need for a compact yet powerful PC has inspired Thermaltake to engineer this unprecedented mobile gaming powerhouse, LANBOX. Unlike tower chassis, small form factor PC often lacks sufficient cooling capability or expandability to allow enthusiasts to build a capable gaming machine. Designed from the ground up, LANBOX is a fully modular chassis where all component may be removed from the body for easier installation. Everything from Motherboard Tray to 5.25" Bay Drive cage can be easily removed with a twist of the thumb screws.Thermal engineering played an equally important part when designing the LANBOX. Today's most high-end graphic cards or processor often requires added cooling and high-wattage power supply in order to operate at their maximum capability. Before, gaming enthusiasts that opted to build a small form factor PC were limited to mid-end graphic card or processor that resulted in mediocre performance. Today, LANBOX enables the use of most high-end CPU, powerful graphic card and even a full-size PSII; the result, a small form factor PC that is equally powerful as full sized PC.
D6160128	The need for a compact yet powerful PC has inspired Thermaltake to engineer this unprecedented mobile gaming powerhouse, LANBOX. Unlike tower chassis, small form factor PC often lacks sufficient cooling capability or expandability to allow enthusiasts to build a capable gaming machine. Designed from the ground up, LANBOX is a fully modular chassis where all component may be removed from the body for easier installation. Everything from Motherboard Tray to 5.25" Bay Drive cage can be easily removed with a twist of the thumb screws.Thermal engineering played an equally important part when designing the LANBOX. Today's most high-end graphic cards or processor often requires added cooling and high-wattage power supply in order to operate at their maximum capability. Before, gaming enthusiasts that opted to build a small form factor PC were limited to mid-end graphic card or processor that resulted in mediocre performance. Today, LANBOX enables the use of most high-end CPU, powerful graphic card and even a full-size PSII; the result, a small form factor PC that is equally powerful as full sized PC.
D6160130	The need for a compact yet powerful PC has inspired Thermaltake to engineer this unprecedented mobile gaming powerhouse, LANBOX. Unlike tower chassis, small form factor PC often lacks sufficient cooling capability or expandability to allow enthusiasts to build a capable gaming machine. Designed from the ground up, LANBOX is a fully modular chassis where all component may be removed from the body for easier installation. Everything from Motherboard Tray to 5.25" Bay Drive cage can be easily removed with a twist of the thumb screws.Thermal engineering played an equally important part when designing the LANBOX. Today's most high-end graphic cards or processor often requires added cooling and high-wattage power supply in order to operate at their maximum capability. Before, gaming enthusiasts that opted to build a small form factor PC were limited to mid-end graphic card or processor that resulted in mediocre performance. Today, LANBOX enables the use of most high-end CPU, powerful graphic card and even a full-size PSII; the result, a small form factor PC that is equally powerful as full sized PC.
D6163036	The Barracuda 7200.10 is the largest, most reliable disc drive around. New perpendicular recording technology supports vertically stored data bits, enabling increased areal density - and dependability - for workstations and performance PCs.
D6163037	The Barracuda 7200.10 is the largest, most reliable disc drive around. New perpendicular recording technology supports vertically stored data bits, enabling increased areal density - and dependability - for workstations and performance PCs.
D6163043	Arctic Cooling is a leader in creating thermal cooling solution for personal computer systems that enable CPU (Central Processing Unit), GPU (Graphic Processing Unit) and PC case cooling while reducing the noise level.PRODUCT FEATURES:Regulate RPM speed of up to 5 fans by the onboard CPU fan controller;Control the entire cooling for your needs (silent / quiet / overclocking) via BIOS settings;Lowest noise level at its airflow rate;Patented case design;Patented vibration absorption;Circulation optimized fan blades;High airflow;High static pressure;Compatible with toolless mounting mechanisms for standard 25 mm deep fans;Long lifetime.
D6163044	Arctic Cooling is a leader in creating thermal cooling solution for personal computer systems that enable CPU (Central Processing Unit), GPU (Graphic Processing Unit) and PC case cooling while reducing the noise level.PRODUCT FEATURES:Regulate RPM speed of up to 5 fans by the onboard CPU fan controller;Control the entire cooling for your needs (silent / quiet / overclocking) via BIOS settings;Lowest noise level at its airflow rate;Patented case design;Patented vibration absorption;Circulation optimized fan blades;High airflow;High static pressure;Compatible with toolless mounting mechanisms for standard 25 mm deep fans;Long lifetime.
D6163045	Arctic Cooling is a leader in creating thermal cooling solution for personal computer systems that enable CPU (Central Processing Unit), GPU (Graphic Processing Unit) and PC case cooling while reducing the noise level.PRODUCT FEATURES:Regulate RPM speed of up to 5 fans by the onboard CPU fan controller;Control the entire cooling for your needs (silent / quiet / overclocking) via BIOS settings;Lowest noise level at its airflow rate;Patented case design;Patented vibration absorption;Circulation optimized fan blades;High airflow;High static pressure;Compatible with toolless mounting mechanisms for standard 25 mm deep fans;Long lifetime.
D6164289	The 4-Port USB KVM Switch with Audio lets you manage 4 computers with just one set of keyboard, monitor, mouse, and a set of speakers/Microphone. The device comes with 4 sets of USB KVM and Audio cables, no additional equipment required. Its compact size makes it ideal for home and business environment.
D6164291	TRENDnet's TEW-424UB 802.11g Wireless USB 2.0 Adapter brings together the convenience of USB 2.0 and the high speed of 802.11g, allowing you to easily connect to 802.11g networks at speeds of up to 54Mbps. The USB 2.0 interface facilitates a hassle-free Plug-and-Play installation, and 128-bit WEP Encryption provides robust network security. Offering seamless AP-to-AP roaming, auto-installation for Windows 98SE/ME/2000/XP, and auto-negotiation, the TEW-424UB is a feature-rich yet convenient way to go wireless.
D6164673	These days the temperature control for high-speed processors demands a reliable cooling solution, this is one of the most important issues in the computer industry today. As a manufacturer of high quality cooling solutions, Spire is able to meet the demands of the computer industry with competitively priced products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Double Fan: 40x40x20mm;Sleeve bearing;Rated speed 6000 RPM;Noise level 23.0 dBA;Air flow 2 x 10.25 CFM at 6000 RPM;4 Pin, power supply;For any free 5.25 inch the PC case.
D6176388	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D6176395	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D6176771	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 2.0 compatible;Double shielded.
D6176772	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 2.0 compatible;Double shielded.
D6176784	Purchase genuine Samsung supplies for all your printing needs. You will be guaranteed the best quality, reliability and performance without sacrificing the useful life of your printer. Samsung is a leader in the printing industry with numerous patents and innovative designs. Samsung supplies are highly engineered, allowing for a consistent printed output for years to come.
D6188343	Digitus offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.
D6188882	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.PRODUCT FEATURES:Attractive ATX Miditower case, robust, space saving;2x USB2.0, 1x IEEE 1394 Firewire front-interfaces;External Drive Bays: 3x 5 1/4" 2x 3, 5";Internal Drive Bays: 2x 3, 5";Power Supply: 350W ATX 2.0.
D6188931	A rugged and easy to use universal remote control, ideal for replacing old, lost or broken remotes. It will operate most brands of TV and is ready to use with Philips TVs.A special translucent coating is added on the rubber part to have the effect of glow in the dark. This is to ensure you can easily find the product in the dark.
D6190000	Nanya Technology aspires to provide its clients with world-class quality and competitive memory-related products and services in line with the spirit of innovation, and harmony.PRODUCT FEATURES:Data is read or written on both clock edges;DRAM DLL aligns DQ and DQS transitions with clock transitions;Address and control signals are fully synchronous to positive clock edge;Auto Refresh (CBR) and Self Refresh Modes;Automatic and controlled precharge commands.
D6190096	Verbatim's DVD-R was designed to meet the needs of uses who demand a higher capacity. Therefore designed primarily for businesses and consumers for data archiving and one-time video recording.Professionals working with large image files, for example, will immediately discover advantages such as the ability to have an entire picture library on one disc, while sharing large multimedia files will no longer be a problem. Home-users will be able to edit, organize, share and preserve their memories on one disc in the form of photos, video clips and music.
D6190097	Look to Verbatim UltraLife Archival Grade DVD-R media to preserve your family photos and home movies as well as critical corporate data. Each disc is manufactured using proprietary unique dual reflective layers to maximize both compatibility and longevity. To further extend media lifetime, Verbatim UltraLife DVDs contain a hard coating on the recording side to protect the discs from scratches.Verbatim's proprietary dual reflective layer technology is comprised of a silver layer for broad compatibility and a gold layer for long archival life. The highly reflective silver layer allows the UltraLife DVD-R disc to look like a standard silver disc to DVD drives and recorders. This feature provides a low initial error rate after recording, important for long archival life, and the same drive read/write compatibility as standard silver-only discs.
D6190098	DVD-RW (DVD ReWritable) is a rewritable format that is closely related to DVD-R, and is recorded by similar drives. DVD-RW is a sequential read/write media primarily designed for video recording and streaming computer backup applications. DVD-RW discs can be written over 1, 000 times. A number of DVD-ROM drives and DVD Video players support DVD-RW.
D6195727	AOpen is an established market leader, from motherboards to monitors, to multimedia add-on cards, and more. With AOpen products, you are guaranteed the latest in technology development at competitive prices. And because AOpen controls design and manufacturing, from the drawing board to the finished product, the quality of that product is ensured.
D6196234	Digitus offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into Digitus Network, Digitus Connect, Digitus Accessories and Digitus Blister.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compact multimedia microphone with stand, adjustable;Condenser microphone.
D6200428	WD Caviar Blue16 native SATA hard drive features 16 MB cache for lightning-fast performance. This reliable drive is fast, but still delivers technologically advanced acoustics and cool operation.
D6204003	The Corsair Flash Voyager family of USB drives is rugged, stylish, compact, and reliable, making them ideal for transporting MP3s, digital images, presentations and more. Flash Voyager drives are fully Plug and Play with most operating systems and are backward compatible with USB 1.1. Their durable rubber casing is easy to grip and water resistant.The Flash Voyager product line is both enclosed in the Corsair proprietary all-rubber Flash Voyager housing. Boasting water-resistant properties, these drives allow users to carry more valuable data and applications without compromise. Several reviews of the Flash Voyager products have demonstrated the ruggedness, durability, and reliability of the Flash Voyager family. The Flash Voyager has been shown laundered, baked, frozen, boiled, dropped, and even run over by a SUV in many third party reviews. After all the punishment it receives, the drive continues to work.
D6206087	You live at the forefront of technology, and you won't settle for less from your favorite software. That's why AMD is proud to bring you the AMD Athlon 64 processor, with AMD64 technology for dramatically higher performance and built-in support for future 64-bit applications - even running 32- and 64-bit software at the same time. Maximize system efficiency and stay ahead of the curve with the technically superior PC processor, packed with advances such as HyperTransport technology and an integrated DDR memory controller. Whether it is for business, school or play, with the AMD Athlon 64 processor, you can address your current and future computing needs.
D6206089	Increase your performance by up to 80% with the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor. Work or play with multiple programs without any stalling or waiting. Dual-core technology is like having two processors, and two working together is better and faster than one working alone.The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor puts the power of dual-core technology on the desktop. Dual-core processors contain two processing cores, residing on one chip, that perform calculations on two streams of data, thereby increasing efficiency and speed while running multiple programs and the new generation of multi-threaded software. For the end-user this means a significant increase in response and performance when running multiple applications simultaneously.
D6209031	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 2.0 compatible;Double shielded.
D6209317	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D6213461	The Sound Blaster Audigy SE is an excellent value upgrade to 7.1 surround sound on the PC. Featuring high quality audio specifications including 24-bit/96kHz recording and playback with 100dB signal to noise ratio and digital output, it's the ideal partner for surround music and movie playback. For realistic gaming, EAX ADVANCED HD 3.0 support delivers acoustic effects and detailed 7.1 3D surround sound in gaming. The included Creative MediaSource software is a comprehensive tool for creating MP3s, managing a music collection, adding effects and burning custom CD compilations.
D6217011	Now you can store, carry and transfer files quickly in an affordable, convenient device. The DataTraveler from Kingston helps budget-conscious users break storage barriers, allowing you to easily store and move files in a device no bigger than a pocketknife.As easy as click and drag, the DataTraveler can hold just about any file you can think of - reports pictures, spreadsheets or other important documents. It works with virtually any device with a USB port - even cross-platform from Macintosh to PC and vice versa. The DataTraveler also makes a great promotional item for your organization; it's simple to add your logo to increase brand-recognition.The DataTraveler is a reliable, inexpensive solution for carrying files or your next promotion.
D6217083	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:Low profile keyboard with compact key layout, attractive blue illuminated keys and 13 extra function keys;Illuminated keys providing perfect readability under limited light conditions;Extra function keys providing immediate access to common functions such as Internet, E-mail, Media Player and Windows;Flat and space saving keyboard with comfortable full-size keys, perfect to keep your desk clean and organized;With extra "Standby/Wake Up" function key and on-off key for blue light;USB connection.
D6221485	The Fourier IV is the latest DIY Heat-Sink design to cool both Intel and AMD microprocessors.The Fourier IV is an all-new processor cooler based on the Waved-Fin design, equipped with 4 Heat-Pipes.Also new on this advanced processor cooler are the swift fan exchange clips enabling you to remove the fan quickly and without tools. When utilizing a low power Celeron or Duo-Core micro processor with good system cooling using an active cooler is not mandatory as the Spire Fourier IV heat-sink offers exceptional passive cooling qualities on its own.The Fourier IV is an excellent DIY option those for those who are upgrading their system, enthusiast and gamers alike.
D6226232	The StarSound is a series of USB speaker system that offers personalized and optimum virtual 7.1ch listening environment with plug-and-play solution.PRODUCT FEATURES:Portable USB digital speaker for Notebook;Connects to notebook USB port directly;Power and sound from Notebook via USB cable;Magnetically shielded USB 2ch Speaker System;3D sound technology simulates 7.1ch sound field;Speaker & Headphone Switch Function;USB 1.1 / 2.0 Compatible;28mm Neodymium magnet micro driver with clear sound;Cord-wrap cable and carry pouch for easy portability.
D6226420	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D6228459	The DC-133 RAID features Ultra DMA 133 IDE RAID speed interface and is designed for high performance desktop and server systems.
D6229407	Plain, simple, reliable add-on storage. This external USB 2.0 drive is preformatted for immediate use. Simply plug it in to a USB port and you've got instant storage your PC or Macintosh.
D6237673	DIGITUS is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range. DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals.
D6237684	DIGITUS is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range. DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals.
D6238056	Increase your performance by up to 80% with the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor. Work or play with multiple programs without any stalling or waiting. Dual-core technology is like having two processors, and two working together is better and faster than one working alone.
D6242714	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with Serial ATA standard;Suitable for data transfer up to 300 MB/s;7-wire cable, UL21149;4 x Data wires, 3 x earthing wires.
D6242718	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Cable UL20276;With ferrite filter and thumb screws;Assignment 24+1 = (Dual Link).
D6242719	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Cable UL20276;With ferrite filter and thumb screws;Assignment 24+1 = (Dual Link).
D6249625	Your disc, your project. Why use your handwriting when you can create your own professional label that reflects your memories? Write and label your DVDs with SPD6002BM unit.
D6250295	Spire has really pushed the boundaries with the VertiCool IV! The mother of all gaming coolers stands a magnificent 123mm high and is pure 100% copper. Not only that but it's bristling with new technology from the full copper heat-pipes to it's ultra quiet 90mm fan. Spire's not one to brag but Spire knows it has hit a winner with this cooler.
D6252813	WD Caviar Blue16 native SATA hard drive features 16 MB cache for lightning-fast performance. This reliable drive is fast, but still delivers technologically advanced acoustics and cool operation.
D6252816	Cool, quiet and fast. WD Caviar Blue drives offer superior performance and reliability, making them ideal for business and family desktops.
D6252817	Cool, quiet and fast. WD Caviar Blue drives offer superior performance and reliability, making them ideal for business and family desktops.
D6252818	Cool, quiet and fast. WD Caviar Blue drives offer superior performance and reliability, making them ideal for business and family desktops.
D6252819	WD Caviar Blue16 native SATA hard drive features 16 MB cache for lightning-fast performance. This reliable drive is fast, but still delivers technologically advanced acoustics and cool operation.
D6253060	For people with three excess 5.25" drive bays or more, the CFP51 maybe the best upgrade component available on the market. Designed with lightweight, high quality aluminum as the basis, the CFP51 can convert three 5.25" drive bays into a bracket for four 3.5" hard drives or an air duct for the included 120mm front fan. Finished with cool LED light on the 120mm fan and vibration dampening mounts, it will add not only cool looks to any chassis but also increase performance and capacity.
D6253829	The Philips internal DVD RW drive reads and writes all DVD, dual layer and CD formats. It's easy to install even for inexperienced users. And coming from co-inventor of Blu-ray, DVD and CD optical media, you can be sure it's ultra reliable.
D6253932	The Temjin TJ09 is the first SilverStone chassis designed with graphics card cooling as one of the priorities. To meet this challenge, a brand new mid-section air duct was created to bypass the hard drive cage, allowing the strategically placed 120mm to draw cool air from outside of the chassis and blow it directly onto the expansion slot area. CPU and hard drives are also cooled exclusively by 120mm fans to maximize airflow while reducing noise. If you have been waiting for a chassis with plenty of technical and aesthetic excellence worthy of an upgrade, then the TJ09 is the one.
D6254479	MSI, Micro-Star International, keeps the principle of "award-winning product quality and outstanding customer service". "Quality Products Create Faithful Customers" is a motto that guides all that MSI does. MSI's talented team carries out its work with the latest research equipment, continuing to raise the bar on product quality and innovative product features.PRODUCT FEATURES:Worldwide Analog TV reception from cable/air TV;Watch free-to-air digital terrestrial TV and Listen Digital Radio (not DAB) on your PC or laptop;Portable Dongle allows users to watch FREE digital TV wherever they go whenever they want;HDTV 1080i ready (For Digital TV only);HyperMedia application - User-Friendly interface with powerful functions: Watch (or record) digital TV /or analog TV, Auto Channel scan and Name Recognition, Multiple Channel Preview, Enhanced 16: 9 Wide-Format Display, Brightness/Contrast/Saturation/Hue Adjustment, Supports Time-Shifting and Scheduled Recording;Supports Still Image Capture in JPEG or BMP format;Supports Real-Time Video Recording in MPEG 2/1 format for analog TV;Supports EPG, and Teletext for Digital TV (DVB-T standard).
D6254856	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:Piano Mirror Coating;Aluminum front panel with elegant streamline design;e-SATA connector built-in;14cm front and 12cm rear fans for superior cooling;Tool-free kits for 5.25" and 3.5" external drive bays and expansion cards.
D6254857	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:Piano Mirror Coating;Aluminum front panel with elegant streamline design;e-SATA connector built-in;14cm front and 12cm rear fans for superior cooling;Tool-free kits for 5.25" and 3.5" external drive bays and expansion cards;Sufficient space for settling Nvidia GeForce 8800 series graphic cards.
D6255382	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Cable UL20276;With ferrite filter and thumb screws;Assignment 24+1 = (Dual Link).
D6255792	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with Serial ATA standard;Suitable for data transfer up to 300 MB/s;7-wire cable, UL21149;4 x Data wires, 3 x earthing wires.
D6255793	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with Serial ATA standard;Suitable for data transfer up to 300 MB/s;7-wire cable, UL21149;4 x Data wires, 3 x earthing wires.
D6257254	It's Here - HyperX DDR2 memory, the next-generation evolution of DDR memory technology. Like all Kingston HyperX products, HyperX DDR2 modules were specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. HyperX DDR2 offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption.
D6261098	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Parallel Connection Cable, Internal / External on Slot Bracket;25-pin ribbon cable, AWG28, UL2651.
D6261099	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Parallel Connection Cable, Internal / External on Slot Bracket;25-pin ribbon cable, AWG28, UL2651.
D6261127	Marketing description is not available.
D6261133	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS NETWORK, DIGITUS CONNECT, DIGITUS ACCESSORIES and DIGITUS BLISTER.PRODUCT FEATURES:Individual polarity and voltage setting;Input voltage 12V/DC via DC on-board power socket or airplane adapter;Voltage multiplier for setting the output voltage, selectable: 15/16/18/19/20V/24V DC at 5.0 A max;Maximum power consumption of the consumer 3500 mA;Built-in surge protection;Input protection 10 A (Flink);5 notebook adapters as well as a special adapter for the Apple iBook included.
D6261435	The TK-35P is a reliable standard-keyboard in an attractive silver look. It has a 108 keys layout and has special keys for ACPI power management. These keys allow you to easily shut down your PC or put it into Standby-mode.
D6261436	Now it is here, the TK-50 keyboard with 105 keys and 18 additional multimedia keys! Redesign your desk different than the average and experience the comfort of this ergonomic keyboard. Don't wait any longer.
D6262021	The USB 2.0 Bluetooth Adapter allows you to make short-range wireless connections between your computer and Bluetooth-enabled devices. This Bluetooth v2.0 utilizes Enhanced Data Rate (EDR) to allow for data rates up to 3Mbps. The Bluetooth adapter can easily connect to your Bluetooth-enabled devices from up to 10 meters away.
D6262520	The 16-Port USB KVM Switch lets you manage multiple computers with just one set of keyboard, monitor and mouse. This rack mount device supports USB and PS/2 interface on both the console and the PC side. Popular hardware platforms such as PC, Linux and Mac are supported. Users can switch between PCs using hot-key or push button for flexible management. Users can also hot-plug PCs on the fly to avoid downtime. The 16-Port USB KVM Switch is the perfect choice for managing multiple PC's.
D6263557	DIGITUS USB Adaptor is analog telephone adaptor with one USB interface to PC, 1 FXS for regular phone and 1FXO for PSTN call relays. All cordless phones and regular phones can be used to make and receive Skype call. Phone can be used to make regular call at the same time. Phone rings for all incoming Skype and PSTN calls. Skype or PSTN calls is switched by pressing phone key.
D6263586	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.PRODUCT FEATURES:World's #1 true digital home solution;True A/V size (equivalent to DVD player);VFD displays various information with Microsoft Media Center Edition;All-in-one integration of media recording, gaming, computing and communication devices;Use generic components available to retail or online stores;Patented design fits all components with limited space.
D6265509	TE100-S5 is an Auto-MDIX switch designed specifically to boost network performance by eliminating network congestions and unnecessary network traffics. Each port on the Switch provides dedicated bandwidth and can negotiate between 10/100Mbps network speeds and half/full duplex modes. Plug and Play provides cost-effective and high performance solutions.
D6265511	The 2.4GHz Wireless Presenter with USB receiver is the ideal tool for making successful presentations. The presenter integrates wireless mouse and laser pointer functions in a single device. The wireless presenter allows you to make perfect presentations without the hassle of being next to the computer.
D6267425	This keyboard features 4 pre-defined swappable gaming key sets for today's hottest games. Large "4-Rubber" keys are enlarged and sloped to keep fingers comfortable through hours of gaming. Weight of the GPAD is designed heavier than regular keyboard for stability.
D6267426	Just one click on "2X Button" straightly opens files and programs easily. Save time and improve efficiency.With OfficeJump Switch, select up to 8 out of 24 various office command sets such as Copy/Paste, Delete/Reply All, and Zoom in/out, office work can be done in seconds! In addition, the 2nd wheel offers 4 quick functions: H-scroll, zoom in/out, page up/down, pre/next doc.Wireless Optical Technology delivers high resolution with pinpoint accuracy. Enjoy the freedom to go Wireless without any tangling wires. Enjoy a clean and organized computing environment.
D6268421	FRITZ!Box provides everything you need for fast and secure ADSL websurfing and e-mailing, with one PC or several. Its TÜV-tested firewall ensures Internet security, and its on-line meter lets you keep track of your ADSL budget at all times. You can connect your computers and other Internet-capable devices to your FRITZ!Box - including game consoles such as Xbox or PlayStation - by USB or a LAN adapter.
D6268422	FRITZ!Box Fon makes telephoning over the Internet as easy as you'd like it to be: connect your existing telephones; pick up the receiver - that's all! Now you can talk over the Internet with Voice over IP (and you don't need to turn on your PC), or over the conventional phone line. Furthermore, FRITZ!Box Fon puts your PCs on the Internet, with ADSL speed - through an Ethernet or a USB port. And the integrated, TÜV-tested firewall ensures security as you surf the web.
D6268423	Products developed by AVM permit fast Internet access and convenient use of the PC as an all-round communications center.
D6268595	Techsolo is a manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer periphery devices for the European market.
D6269675	The Canon DC 50 is at the top of Canon's impressive line of DVD camcorders with the performance of a 5.39 Megapixel CCD image sensor - outstanding video quality and 5 Megapixel digital photographs. You get an array of advanced features including Super-Range Optical Image Stabilization, Dual Layer recording capability and Canon's exclusive next-generation DIGIC DV II for uncompromised video and still image processing. The Canon DC 50 is also easy to use, with the Joystick exposure control, Quick Start, and Horizontal Marker - all in a stylish and easy-to-use design.
D6270419	Kingston Technology's Secure Digital High-Capacity (SDHC) memory cards are fully compliant with the Secure Digital Association 2.00 specification. They are a new performance class of SD memory cards designed to meet the storage demands of high-quality digital still and video cameras and other high-resolution image recording devices.
D6274055	The attractive design, affordable price and high-quality construction and performance of the Canon inkjet FAX-JX200 make it a great choice for consumers looking for a dedicated FAX solution. The curve of its wave-like lines hints at its smooth, easy motion; the high-gloss finish with contrasting panels, whisper-quiet operation and fashionably small footprint convey a sense of electronic elegance that makes the FAX-JX200 appear equally in place with a restaurant host, at a business' high-profile reception area, or even a home office.As appealing to the eye as this inkjet-based FAX is, what truly sets it apart from the field, is the Canon printer pedigree. Utilizing Canon Full-photolithography Inkjet Nozzle Engineering (FINE) technology developed for Canon's award-winning printers, consumers can expect razor-sharp FAX receipts and document copies. Professional quality is assured thanks to Canon's Ultra High Quality (UHQ) FAX technology enabling crisp, clear scans, as well as the integrated FINE cartridge system featuring a multi-nozzle print head with pigmented black ink that produce fast, laser-quality on plain paper.Providing a serious compliment of features and capabilities, the FAX-JX200 performs like a champion with approximately 6 second high speed page transmissions. Using its 320-nozzle print head, the FAX-JX200 also prints three lines per head pass to cut any FAX or copy job down to size. The unit even holds up to 100 sheets of plain paper in the automatic sheet feeder plus 20 original pages can be sent through the automatic document feeder. What's more, the FAX-JX200 offers sequential broadcasting "blast FAX" capability for up to 70 recipients and accepts and stores speed dial codes for up to 69 frequently FAXed numbers (9 one-touch; 60 coded). It is ideal for anyone looking for the power of a simple FAX machine.
D6274056	Take advantage of high performance, affordable and reliable plain paper faxing. A Super G3 modem transmits faxes at up to 3 seconds per page reducing your phone costs - and multiple faxes can be received without blocking the line. This stylish and compact inkjet fax has a small footprint so it fits neatly in any surroundings.The FAX-JX500 is the first fax to use Canon's advanced FINE print head technology for high quality, high speed printing. A 600 x 600dpi print resolution delivers faxes that are clear and easy to read - at a fast print speed of 10 seconds per page. You can even use the FAX-JX500 as a convenient copier with the same fast, professional output.A built-in digital answering machine with 30 minutes recording time ensures that you won't miss a single message when you're out of the office. You benefit from a total fax, telephone, answering machine and copier solution in one compact unit.A 120-page fax memory safely stores all incoming documents if paper or toner runs out, for printing out later. Lengthy documents can also be scanned rapidly before transmission for sending automatically from memory, freeing up valuable time.The 20-page Automatic Document Feeder (ADF) lets you fax multiple large documents with ease without splitting them up first. A 100-sheet auto feeder cuts down on cassette paper refilling time.Ultra High Quality (UHQ) image processing transmits detailed documents perfectly, such as diagrams or photos combined with text. Half-tone reproduction with 256 gray scales gives extra depth and clarity to images.Stop unwanted or junk faxes and save on paper and ink. A direct mail preventative function restricts incoming faxes to recognized numbers or to transmissions carrying TTI (Transmitter Terminal Identification) information.
D6274796	FRITZ!Box Fon WLAN makes telephoning over the Internet as easy as you'd like it to be: connect your existing telephones; pick up the receiver - that's all! Now you're talking over the Internet with Voice over IP - without turning on your PC, and without changing your phone number. And FRITZ!Box Fon WLAN also puts your PCs on the Internet at ADSL speed - over Ethernet, USB or wireless LAN - always with firewall protection, and with wireless encryption activated out of the box.
D6275102	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D6277811	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.
D6281284	INK-M40 V Black Inkjet Print Cartridge is an optional Twin Pack of 2 x 17 ml black inkjet print cartridges for laser-quality, fade-resistant text across a wide range of papers.
D6282905	The NVIDIA GeForce 6200 GPUs feature a revolutionary design that delivers best-in-class performance on today's hottest games and applications. The only GPUs in their class to support Microsoft DirectX 9.0 Shader Model 3.0, these GPUs power the latest effects without compromising performance.
D6282926	AOpen barebone chassis feature precise mechanical construction and are ready for FCC system approval. These cases reflect AOpen's commitment to quality and offer resellers a way to build systems of superior quality. Combine AOpen cases with industry-leading AOpen motherboards to get the best fit.PRODUCT FEATURES:Accurate EMI protection;Brilliant look and feel design;Housing material: SECC;Supports MicroATX (P4) 9.6" (244mm) x 9.6" (244mm) motherboard;Good thermal and EMI solution;Front USB, Audio, 1394 support (option);Light and easy to assemble;Compact design saves space.
D6287419	The timeless keyboard for high-volume data input and for the most demanding requirements. Durable, reliable and sure switching action. Proven millions of times over. The G80-3000 standard PC keyboard is based on the reliable MX technology with Gold Crosspoint contacts.
D6291479	Give your ears the most comfortable fit ever. These fully-adjustable headphones, with their ultra-soft ear cushions, adapt to your head for an extra secure and comfortable fit, ensuring hours of enjoyable listening.
D6291484	These mini headband style headphones fold neatly into pocket-sized compact. Special forward facing speakers provide extra comfort and fit all ears.
D6291485	The ultimate neckband with 3-way adjustability, super-soft ear cushions and large speaker drivers delivers extreme comfort and security with a superb sound performance to match.
D6292177	Charge your digital camera AA and AAA batteries in less than a hundred minutes. This slimline recharger comes with a 12V car adapter so you can charge two or four batteries simultaneously while you're on the road. 4x 2600mAh batteries included.
D6292179	Charge your digital camera AA and AAA batteries in up to twenty minutes. This recharger charges one to four batteries AA or AAA simultaneously. The smart charge cut-off protection stops the process when the battery is full.
D6292876	MSI, Micro-Star International, keeps the principle of "award-winning product quality and outstanding customer service". "Quality Products Create Faithful Customers" is a motto that guides all that MSI does. MSI's talented team carries out its work with the latest research equipment, continuing to raise the bar on product quality and innovative product features.
D6293215	All too often design is overlooked when putting together gaming packs for girls. Now, with fashion in mind, Thrustmaster has created the "T-Pack Girls" for DS Lite, a unique accessory pack inspired by the hottest fashion trends which users will be eager to show off. Perfect for the fashion-conscious girl gamers on the go. It features a denim mini-handbag to carry the DS Lite and includes the essential add-ons such as a pair of earphones, a sequined stylus and more. The "T-Pack Girls" also contains a backlit recharging base, a USB recharging cable, a dust-repellent protection kit and two anti-scratch screen protection films.
D6293216	Guillemot Corporation is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of interactive leisure hardware and accessories. One of the largest companies in its field worldwide, Guillemot offers a wide range of products under the Hercules and Thrustmaster brand names.PRODUCT FEATURES:Elegant lacquered storage stand for the Wii Remote and the Nunchuk - now you'll never misplace your controllers!;Vertical Standing and hides away all the unsightly wires;2 reinforced silicone protective controller covers which are 2mm thick;Unique design for easy handling and maximum gaming comfort;Shock resistant;Non-slip texture;Buttons are not obscured.
D6293217	Guillemot Corporation is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of interactive leisure hardware and accessories. One of the largest companies in its field worldwide, Guillemot offers a wide range of products under the Hercules and Thrustmaster brand names. The Guillemot's mission is to offer innovative, high-quality products to intensify the sensations experienced by gamers and the enjoyment they derive from gaming. With its internal research and development teams, Guillemot's engineers produce first-rate technical solutions and product designs in order to offer the best possible price/enjoyment and price/performance ratios to its customers.
D6293218	The T-Charge + NW is a pack containing one T-Care NW and one T-Charge NW. The ideal solution for storing, protecting and recharging your two controllers!The T-Care NW storage stand takes care of the Wii Remote and a Nunchuk, with no wires left in your way. It slides discretely next to your console, completely blending into its environment, and thanks to its refined design this is the perfect matching accessory for your Wii. Another great feature of this sleek accessory is that you'll never lose your controller, as you'll always know where it is. The Nunchuk's wire is stored in the stand so you'll never be tangled again. Once you've taken it out, just connect and start playing. Less time untangling, more time gaming.What's the most frustrating thing in the world of Wii? It must be running short of batteries mid game and not having them within reach immediately. The T-Charge NW is the ideal recharging solution. This stand includes a charger for two rechargeable batteries at the back, which connects to your console's USB port. You can play using two charged batteries, while at the same time recharging the two other included batteries, ensuring the fun never stops!
D6293219	Delightful handbag/carry case for DS Lite with clasp, metal attachment rings, quick snap-hooks and metal zipper. This product is designed with the female player in mind.
D6293220	Guillemot Corporation is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of interactive leisure hardware and accessories. One of the largest companies in its field worldwide, Guillemot offers a wide range of products under the Hercules and Thrustmaster brand names. The Guillemot's mission is to offer innovative, high-quality products to intensify the sensations experienced by gamers and the enjoyment they derive from gaming. With its internal research and development teams, Guillemot's engineers produce first-rate technical solutions and product designs in order to offer the best possible price/enjoyment and price/performance ratios to its customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Silicone cover offers reinforced protection in all the right places;Long-wearing silicone is an unrivalled 2mm thick;Quick and easy to slide on and off;Handy access to the Wii Remote Batteries;Direct connection for the Nunchuk;Unique design for easy handling and maximum gaming comfort;Shock resistant;Non-slip texture;Buttons are not obscured by the cover.
D6296892	Logitech took its classic optical mouse and made it even better. How? By improving both its shape and its performance. The Logitech Pilot Optical Mouse features the world's best-selling optical technology for incredibly smooth tracking with no maintenance necessary. Scrolling is quick and precise too, thanks to the new scroll wheel. Unlike standard mechanical scroll wheels, this wheel is based on an optical system for improved feel and precision. The comfortable design feels great in either hand, and setup couldn't be easier - all you need to do is plug it in.
D6297015	The Samsung SCX-D6345A print cartridge is economical cartridges for excellent print value for high-volume users and specifically designed to assure optimal print quality with crisp, dark output from first print to last. The easy-to-install cartridge and advanced toner work with the multi-function printer for cost-effect, reliable operation and sharp, professional results as always. This model's differentiation is using separate cartridge technology with drum.
D6298618	The need for a compact yet powerful PC has inspired Thermaltake to engineer this unprecedented mobile gaming powerhouse, LANBOX Lite Unlike tower chassis, small form factor PC often lacks sufficient cooling capability or expandability to allow enthusiasts to build a capable gaming machine. Designed from the ground up, LANBOX Lite is a fully modular chassis where all components may be removed from the body for easier installation. Everything from Motherboard Tray to 5.25" Bay Drive cage can be easily removed with a twist of the thumbscrews.Thermal engineering played an equally important part when designing the LANBOX Lite. Today's most high-end graphic cards or processor often requires added cooling and high-wattage power supply in order to operate at their maximum capability. Before, gaming enthusiasts that opted to build a small form factor PC were limited to mid-end graphic card or processor that resulted in mediocre performance. Today, LANBOX Lite enables the use of most high-end CPU, powerful graphic card and even a full-size PSII; the result, a small form factor PC that is equally powerful as full sized PC.
D6298759	With over 15 HTPC enclosures worth of experience and years of knowledge in case cooling and layout, SilverStone's acclaimed engineering and design team have once again re-invented an existing standard. The attractively styled LC16 series offers impressive features that are unprecedented for HTPC enclosures. They include cooling performance surpassing most tower cases for next generation processor technology and a storage capacity unseen in this class. By combining these technical advances with traditional HTPC features such as VFD/IR multimedia kit and a clean, functional front fascia, the LC16 is sure to become the premier choice for HTPC enthusiasts.
D6298760	With over 15 HTPC enclosures worth of experience and years of knowledge in case cooling and layout, SilverStone's acclaimed engineering and design team have once again re-invented an existing standard. The attractively styled LC16 series offers impressive features that are unprecedented for HTPC enclosures. They include cooling performance surpassing most tower cases for next generation processor technology and a storage capacity unseen in this class. By combining these technical advances with traditional HTPC features such as VFD/IR multimedia kit and a clean, functional front fascia, the LC16 is sure to become the premier choice for HTPC enthusiasts.
D6298761	The SilverStone MS04 is a versatile 3.5" hard drive enclosure with excellent thermal and functional properties. It has both USB 2.0 (backwards compatible with USB 1.0) and FireWire (IEEE1394) connections for wide range of applications. With its unique two FireWire ports, it is possible to daisy-chain the MS04 for more storage options or simply to retain a free FireWire port in the system. Built from exquisitely crafted all aluminum and finely brushed, the MS04 has a finish that matches the best hi-fi components in the world. Its enclosure is not only beautiful, but also designed to accommodate hi-end IDE drives with abundant cooling. To complete the package, a vertical stand is also included to create a mobile storage solution that is both practical to place anywhere and stylish!
D6299153	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.PRODUCT FEATURES:mATX, ATX / EATX Bigtower / Miniserver;Robust and space saving design;Lockable side panel and front door;10 internal 3.5" baysOptional redundant PSU's and overall 7 chassis fans.
D6299546	The AVM FRITZ!Fon 7150 integrates the extensive performance features of the FRITZ!Box Fon WLAN in a DECT telephone, thus creating additional advantages for users.
D6301899	The Temjin TJ09 is the first SilverStone chassis designed with graphics card cooling as one of the priorities. To meet this challenge, a brand new mid-section air duct was created to bypass the hard drive cage, allowing the strategically placed 120mm to draw cool air from outside of the chassis and blow it directly onto the expansion slot area. CPU and hard drives are also cooled exclusively by 120mm fans to maximize airflow while reducing noise. Covered in styling reminiscent of beautiful chassis of years past, the TJ 09' s advanced structure is second in stiffness only to the unibody designed TJ07. If you have been waiting for a chassis with plenty of technical and aesthetic excellence worthy of an upgrade, then the TJ09 is the one.
D6302075	The need for a compact yet powerful PC has inspired Thermaltake to engineer this unprecedented mobile gaming powerhouse, LANBOX Lite Unlike tower chassis, small form factor PC often lacks sufficient cooling capability or expandability to allow enthusiasts to build a capable gaming machine. Designed from the ground up, LANBOX Lite is a fully modular chassis where all components may be removed from the body for easier installation. Everything from Motherboard Tray to 5.25" Bay Drive cage can be easily removed with a twist of the thumbscrews.Thermal engineering played an equally important part when designing the LANBOX Lite. Today's most high-end graphic cards or processor often requires added cooling and high-wattage power supply in order to operate at their maximum capability. Before, gaming enthusiasts that opted to build a small form factor PC were limited to mid-end graphic card or processor that resulted in mediocre performance. Today, LANBOX Lite enables the use of most high-end CPU, powerful graphic card and even a full-size PSII; the result, a small form factor PC that is equally powerful as full sized PC.
D6302190	Logitech took its classic optical mouse and made it even better. How? By improving both its shape and its performance. The Logitech Pilot Optical Mouse features the world's best-selling optical technology for incredibly smooth tracking with no maintenance necessary. Scrolling is quick and precise too, thanks to the new scroll wheel. Unlike standard mechanical scroll wheels, this wheel is based on an optical system for improved feel and precision. The comfortable design feels great in either hand, and setup couldn't be easier - all you need to do is plug it in.
D6304158	The Value Select line provides quality tested desktop and laptop memory at competitive prices.
D6309353	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Video input: 1 x RCA composite, 1 x S-Video;Video system: NTSC, PAL and SECAM multi system support;Motion capture: AVI /MPEG format up to 720x480@NTSC, and 720x576@PAL;Resolution: MPEG 4 format @ 320x240 resolution;Still image: BMP/JPG/TIF/PCX/PCT/TGA/WMF file format;Performance: up to 25 fps at 720x576 for PAL, 30fps at 720x480 for NTSC;Power Source: 5V DC, 300mA(max) through USB port;Video Works and digital converter software included.
D6312569	The name Canon has always meant photographic and broadcast television cameras with optical excellence, advanced image processing, superb performance, and the latest in technological advancements. Canon's High Definition video camcorders are no exception.The stylish Canon HV20 gives you the ultimate in HD video and digital photo quality with advanced features for the knowledgeable and demanding videographer. Its 10x optical zoom lens, 2.96 Megapixel CMOS image sensor and Canon's advanced DIGIC DV II image processor ensures meticulous detail and superior color reproduction. 24p Cinema Mode brings "film-look" options to the HV20 owner - as never before in this class. And, with its HD and Standard Definition recording modes, you can make the move to HD without making your SD equipment obsolete.The HV20 is easy to use and delivers the high level of performance you've come to expect from Canon. It's the premium quality High Definition camcorder that sophisticated and discerning videographers have been waiting for.
D6318396	The Logitech G5 Laser Mouse is the gamer's choice with a 2000 dpi laser engine for blinding speed and ultra-smooth tracking and Full Speed USB of up to 1000 reports/sec. The G5 36 gram adjustable weight cartridge gives you hundreds of variations on balance and heft - including one that's perfect for your unique gaming style. Polytetrafluoroethylene gaming feet provide the ultra-smooth glide you want in a performance-grade mouse. Logitech's SetPoint software to customize your mouse with advanced features such as game detection and "on-the-fly" adjustable sensitivity (including independent x and y axis settings).
D6319075	With PCL support, networking and automatic double-sided printing as standard, the i-SENSYS LBP5360 compact color laser printer delivers fast, professional output for the most demanding workgroups.This compact and robust color laser printer delivers high quality documents quickly and quietly - with a print speed of 21 pages per minute in both color and mono and a 10 second First Print Out Time. Convenient built-in automatic double-sided printing lets you create professional looking documents with ease, while cutting down on paper costs.The built-in network interface card and Remote User Interface makes this printer ideal for sharing across a network. PCL5c/6 support ensures seamless integration into existing PCL environments. UFR II - the propriety printer language technology - provides superior processing speed for fast output of documents.Benefit from Quick First Print performance with zero warm-up time from sleep mode whenever you need to print. The Color On-Demand Fixing technology, which makes this possible, also enables energy efficiency and quiet operation. Combined with the On-Demand S-Toner and controller technology, the i-SENSYS LBP5360 offers zero warm-up, no waiting and fast printing from sleep mode.
D6322500	Gain the competitive edge over your opponents with the premium headset developed with the expertise of Johnathan 'Fatal1ty' Wendel. Slip on the Fatal1ty Professional Series Gaming headset, and enjoy crisp sound and lightweight comfort. And issue crisp, clear orders to your team with the military grade, noise-canceling microphone.
D6322501	Designed for the discerning gamer, Creative's HS-900 Headset combines avionics-grade materials and superior components to give gamers the winning edge. Designed for marathon gaming, flight simulation or Internet chat, the lightweight yet robust design ensures maximum comfort during extended usage. Powerful neodymium magnets provide an excellent response with all audio, making the HS-900 perfectly suited to music and movies as well as gaming, while the noise-canceling microphone with long flexible boom arm provides clarity for all voice communications. The HS-900 Headset takes gaming audio to the next level continuing the legendary heritage of Creative, the audio innovator.
D6325672	Make sure your devices are always ready with the 170 mAh MultiLife 9V accu. You can recharge it up to a thousand times and it will still be as powerful as the first time you use it.
D6325676	The "drive for perfection" is built into the line of FireLite portable external drives. Palm-sized, durable and stylish with outstanding performance and capacity, FireLite offers the ultimate in a convenient, highly portable data storage solution. FireLite combines the best features of today's hard drive designs in one attractive package. Quite simply, FireLite provides quality without compromise.
D6332176	Print laser-quality black text and get crisp, gray-scale images. Original HP inkjet print cartridges offer consistent print quality and reliable performance. Get archival-quality documents that resist fading for decades, using HP Vivera Ink. HP makes it easy to select the Original HP inkjet print cartridge tailored to your printing needs. Enjoy outstanding value when you choose the print cartridge that matches how often you print.
D6332177	Print more laser-quality black text and get crisp, gray-scale images. Original HP inkjet print cartridges offer consistent print quality and reliable performance. Get archival-quality documents that resist fading for decades, using HP Vivera Ink. Save money when you choose the Original HP inkjet print cartridge that matches how much and how often you print. A great value for frequent printing.
D6332178	Get outstanding fade resistance on images and photos and enjoy crisp, vivid color. HP 351 Tri-color Inkjet Print Cartridge with Vivera Inks offers the superior reliability and performance you count on from HP, with the permanence of HP Vivera Inks. HP makes it easy to select the Original HP inkjet print cartridge tailored to your printing needs. Get the best value when you choose the print cartridge that matches how much, and how often, you print.
D6332179	Get outstanding fade resistance on images and photos and enjoy crisp, vivid color. HP 351XL Tri-color Inkjet Print Cartridge with Vivera Inks offers the superior reliability and performance you count on from HP, with the permanence of HP Vivera Inks. HP makes it easy to select the Original HP inkjet print cartridge tailored to your printing needs. HP 351XL Tri-color Inkjet Print Cartridge offers a great value for frequent printing.
D6334741	Micro-Star International keeps the principle of award-winning product quality and outstanding customer service in producing its mainboards, add-on cards and other products that accompany the assembling of brand-new PCs. When you need a stable power source, choose the power source made by MSI and you may rest assured that it will satisfy the needs of your system.
D6335272	Products developed by AVM permit fast Internet access and convenient use of the PC as an all-round communications center.
D6337066	Samsung exemplifies technological determination and progressive ideals. From technology to business to the philanthropy, Samsung has become a world leader for which the possibilities are truly endless.
D6337435	Kingston HyperX memory is designed based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D6337436	Kingston HyperX memory is designed based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D6337657	Consumers demand their systems have enough power and capabilities so they can create and edit their own digital media: audio, video, images. Adding system memory is one of the most effective ways to improve overall performance and Corsair's Mac Memory offers a full line of choices for upgrading the MacBook, the MacBook Pro and the Intel-based versions of the iMac family.Built to Corsair's legendary quality and reliability standards, each module is certified to run at 667MHz and is tested to ensure maximum compatibility with Apple products. Corsair Mac Memory allows users to maximize memory bandwidth and increase their system responsiveness.This memory is designed for MacBook, the MacBook Pro, and Intel-based versions of the iMac.
D6338410	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Video bandwidth 250 MHz;Maximum resolution 1920 x 1440 pixels at 60 Hz;Built-in line amplifier, up to 65 m;DDC, DDC2, DDC2B support;Cascadeable (max. 64);Metal housing for better EMI shielding.
D6338479	Following the success of the venerable Lascala series, a new era will start with the first Grandia series of HTPC case, the GD01. Updated with an advanced 52-in-1 card reader, enhanced low speed fans, and improved hard drive mounting bracket, the GD01 is then matched with classic lines from the most popular Lascala HTPC cases of the past to make a truly appealing package. As with many SilverStone HTPC cases before, the GD01 also has class-leading six hard drive capacity (for up to 4.5 Terabytes) and dual optical drive ready for Blu-ray and HD-DVD drives. For even more enriched multimedia experience, an optional GD01MX model is available with Multilanguage LCD, software, and remote control that is compatible with MCE remote and keyboard.
D6340025	AOpen is an established market leader, from motherboards to monitors, to multimedia add-on cards, and more. With AOpen products, you are guaranteed the latest in technology development at competitive prices. And because AOpen controls design and manufacturing, from the drawing board to the finished product, the quality of that product is ensured.
D6340027	AOpen is an established market leader, from motherboards to monitors, to multimedia add-on cards, and more. With AOpen products, you are guaranteed the latest in technology development at competitive prices. And because AOpen controls design and manufacturing, from the drawing board to the finished product, the quality of that product is ensured.
D6341087	Marketing description is not available.
D6341089	Marketing description is not available.
D6341090	Marketing description is not available.
D6341162	LC-Power belongs to a professional power service group, engaged in developing, designing, manufacturing and selling all kinds of switching power supplies and power supply systems.
D6341871	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D6344478	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.
D6344492	GeForce 7300 graphics processing units (GPUs) allow you to experience the latest gaming effects without compromising performance. Boasting the 3D graphics features of today's most advanced GPUs - including full support for Microsoft DirectX 9.0 Shader Model 3.0 and true high dynamic-range (HDR) lighting - GeForce 7300 GPUs also bring stunning, high definition video and superb picture clarity with minimal CPU usage with NVIDIA PureVideo technology. For the performance and features you need to play the latest games and enjoy home-theater quality video, make sure your PC is equipped with a GeForce 7300 GPU.
D6344683	Targus' goal is to enhance your lifestyle by offering innovative and quality products, as well as continuing to listen and respond to its customers.
D6348883	ACK-3400 U is an ultra-compact mini-keyboard with unique "SoftSkin" coating; only 218×103×15 mm (8]"×]"×4") large! Full functionality of a standard-layout keyboard. Particularly quiet operation and tactile feedback due to high quality "X-Type" membrane technology. Appealing blue status LEDs for Caps Lock, Num Lock, and Scroll Lock. Plug & Play installation.
D6353600	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compliant with IEEE 802.3z Gigabit Ethernet Standard;Differential LVPECL input and output;Duplex LC connector;Hot pluggable;TTL Signal detect indicator.
D6356618	The Targus Sport Notebook Backpac appeals to today's mobile professionals with an active lifestyle and a more casual work environment. This backpack, constructed of heavy-duty fabrics with nylon webbing reinforcement, features a padded compartment for notebooks with up to 15/15.4" screens. Increased storage capacity to include a new top front pocket with padding and protective Nyflex lining to protect your PDA or sunglasses against scratches, the lower front pocket includes business card holder, pen loops and key clip. The larger side pockets, side mesh pockets for water bottle storage, padded shoulder straps and a removable cell phone pocket provide generous storage in this sporty, durable backpack.
D6359632	Plain, simple, reliable add-on storage. This external USB 2.0 drive is preformatted for immediate use. Simply plug it in to a USB port and you've got instant storage your PC or Macintosh.
D6359778	For a truly simple way to bring the Internet to any room in your home, look no further than NETGEAR's Wall-Plugged Ethernet Bridge. It plugs into an electrical outlet and uses your existing electrical wiring to give your entire household access to your Cable/DSL connection. With no expensive new wiring or cabling to install, your family can surf the Web, participate in online gaming, send and receive e-mail, and share files and printers, all from different rooms at the same time. Uncomplicated and very quick to install, it plugs right into a wall outlet, reducing clutter and saving valuable desk space. Designed for ease of use, it has new, easy-to-read icon LEDs, and protects your network communications from eavesdroppers and hackers, while not increasing your electricity bill.Wall-Plugged Ethernet Bridge networks your PCs and shares a Cable/DSL Internet connection using existing 110V electrical outlets in your home. Automatic rate adaptation chooses the best data rate depending on the level of interference caused by other electrical appliances. It is compatible with 10 Mbps or 10/100 Mbps Ethernet products, and it also works seamlessly with NETGEAR Cable/DSL routers.
D6362660	Continuing the evolution of success, Spire is pleased to introduce a new top of the line European design chassis series. The BlackFin chassis is a hot and exceptional computer case in both quality and design. Made from SECC metal with easy removable thumbscrew side panels that offer tool free access. Designed for a 80mm, a 90mm fans the BlackFin provides highly efficient airflow and ultra-silent operation.
D6365208	Arctic Cooling is a leader in creating thermal cooling solution for personal computer systems that enable CPU (Central Processing Unit), GPU (Graphic Processing Unit) and PC case cooling while reducing the noise level.PRODUCT FEATURES:Circulation optimized fan blades;High airflow;High static pressure;Long lifetime.
D6367008	The Centurion 534+Plus provides superior airflow thanks to the special mesh design that provides superior airflow and maximum cooling performance. It features the tool-free design guaranteeing an easy assembly for quick maintenance and upgrade. 120mm fans in the front and rear give your PC the best ventilation while providing a silent cooling solution.
D6367458	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.The Waterproof Case WP-DC13 is required for shooting underwater images.
D6367459	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D6367462	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.Waterproof Case WP-DC12 is required for shooting underwater images.
D6367464	The portable PIXMA iP90v utilizes Canon's FINE print head technology to deliver the photo quality and print speed of a professional desktop printer. Micro-Nozzles ejecting tiny 2pl ink droplets enable a high 4800 x 1200dpi resolution - for outstanding accuracy and true color excellence.The PIXMA iP90v prints at up to 16 ppm in mono and 12 ppm in color. It can also print a photo lab quality 10 x 15cm borderless photo in just 51 seconds, and is the only portable printer capable of producing borderless prints up to an A4 size - making it ideal for photo enlargements.The PIXMA iP90v offers IrDA as standard and an optional Bluetooth adapter for convenient, cable-free printing. The ability to print wirelessly from compatible camera phones, PCs and PDAs ensures complete printing freedom. Weighing just 1.8 kg, this ultra compact, portable printer will meet the needs of the most demanding users.The iP90v prints photos directly from any PictBridge compatible digital camera or camcorder - without the need for a PC - giving beautiful borderless prints, anytime and anywhere.Enjoy and share your photos for a lifetime. With Canon's ChromaLife100 system, photos have a print life of up to 100 years when stored in a photo album.
D6367465	The Canon EOS 1D Mark III is the most advanced EOS Digital SLR ever produced. It has a new 10.1 megapixel CMOS sensor (APS-H size) with Canon's EOS Integrated Cleaning System and a 3.0-inch LCD monitor with Canon's Live View technology. The 1D Mark III has a redesigned 100% viewfinder, a new 45-point AF system, and can shoot up to 10 fps continuously with a maximum burst of 110 shots. Dual DIGIC III Image Processors work in tandem to speed up every process while refining image quality; a new, lighter body has improved weather sealing and shutter durability. Every facet of the EOS experience has been enhanced with the 1D Mark III. It's the new standard.
D6368416	Maximize your music and photo experience with easy-to-use, one-touch controls for audio playback and image editing. Enjoy superior comfort with soft-touch surfaces, adjustable keyboard angles, and industry-leading durability and reliability. Additional controls give you direct access to advanced features of Windows Vista - such as Document Flip - and they'll also work on Windows XP.
D6370668	With the knowledge that single +12V rail power is the next generation power supply, SilverStone Technology introduces Decathlon series, offering enthusiasts more choices with single rail power selections to handle their system. Decathlon DA750 power supply hosts a full array of amenities like quad PCI-E 6 pin connectors, large and quiet 120mm cooling fan, greater than 80% efficiency, Active PFC, 100% modular cabling system, and so on. All these combined with powerful 60A single +12V rail output in DA750, gives enthusiasts the fearless confidence to take on power hungry systems of tomorrow.
D6370670	Marketing description is not available.
D6371226	When you want unmatched clarity and precision shooting from a digital SLR, Canon's EOS 5D gives you just what you're aiming for - and more. This latest addition to the EOS lineup has the superior imaging, fast response, and elegant design to serve the needs and interests of serious enthusiasts as well as professionals. Premier performance and convenient features start with a remarkable 12.8-megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor, refined DIGIC II imaging engine, and responsive 3fps continuous shooting. Distinct advantages like highly customizable settings, direct printing, and wireless/wired LAN compatibility prove that Canon continues to earn its reputation for reliability and comfort.The EOS 5D is the model to choose for simple, sophisticated performance and accessible image processing of remarkably high quality. Enhancing all aspects of image capture by the full-frame CMOS sensor, the exclusive DIGIC II imaging engine delivers a superior tonal range for precise and faithful photos. Satisfying results also come from the all-new Picture Style function. With a choice of six Picture Styles, you can easily control sharpness, contrast, color saturation, color tone and more for greater image variety. The EOS 5D is especially configured for truly creative photographers who naturally demand practical ease with uncompromising performance.Originally developed by Canon, a high-resolution, 35mm full-frame CMOS sensor sets the standard for its class, featuring a remarkable 12.8 million effective pixels for a maximum recorded resolution of 4, 368 x 2, 912 pixels. Second-generation on-chip noise reduction is enhanced for easier use with a choice of two modes: "Auto", to engage auto noise reduction when noise is detected; "ON", to engage noise reduction for all exposures of 1 sec. or longer. From smooth gradations and wide ISO speed range to effective suppression of false colors and ultra-precise white balance, this sensor matches the image quality found in the flagship model of Canon's EOS digital SLR lineup, EOS-1Ds Mark II. These refinements are the result of sophisticated DIGIC II imaging engine technology.DIGIC II is Canon's advanced imaging technology that processes massive data from the large CMOS sensor at extremely high speed for photos of exceptional quality and definition. This accelerated performance contributes to highly responsive, user-friendly operation, including a fast continuous shooting speed. Color reproduction is extremely natural and details are incredibly precise, especially with gradations in the highlight areas. Such processing efficiency also keeps power consumption minimal.The new EOS 5D has an array of premier functions often demanded by photographers who want hands-on creative control and comfort in a camera. Accurate focusing, enhanced durability, and quick, reliable response will make inspired ideas come true. Look through the viewfinder or 2.5-inch LCD to see how bright and wide your vision can be. With the EOS 5D, Canon frees your hands as well as your imagination by simplifying shooting operations. As for post-processing, expanded PictBridge functionality not only saves printing time but offers new ways to shape the world you see.
D6371236	When you want unmatched clarity and precision shooting from a digital SLR, Canon's EOS 5D gives you just what you're aiming for - and more. This latest addition to the EOS lineup has the superior imaging, fast response, and elegant design to serve the needs and interests of serious enthusiasts as well as professionals. Premier performance and convenient features start with a remarkable 12.8-megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor, refined DIGIC II imaging engine, and responsive 3fps continuous shooting. Distinct advantages like highly customizable settings, direct printing, and wireless/wired LAN compatibility prove that Canon continues to earn its reputation for reliability and comfort.The EOS 5D is the model to choose for simple, sophisticated performance and accessible image processing of remarkably high quality. Enhancing all aspects of image capture by the full-frame CMOS sensor, the exclusive DIGIC II imaging engine delivers a superior tonal range for precise and faithful photos. Satisfying results also come from the all-new Picture Style function. With a choice of six Picture Styles, you can easily control sharpness, contrast, color saturation, color tone and more for greater image variety. The EOS 5D is especially configured for truly creative photographers who naturally demand practical ease with uncompromising performance.Originally developed by Canon, a high-resolution, 35mm full-frame CMOS sensor sets the standard for its class, featuring a remarkable 12.8 million effective pixels for a maximum recorded resolution of 4, 368 x 2, 912 pixels. Second-generation on-chip noise reduction is enhanced for easier use with a choice of two modes: "Auto", to engage auto noise reduction when noise is detected; "ON", to engage noise reduction for all exposures of 1 sec. or longer. From smooth gradations and wide ISO speed range to effective suppression of false colors and ultra-precise white balance, this sensor matches the image quality found in the flagship model of Canon's EOS digital SLR lineup, EOS-1Ds Mark II. These refinements are the result of sophisticated DIGIC II imaging engine technology.DIGIC II is Canon's advanced imaging technology that processes massive data from the large CMOS sensor at extremely high speed for photos of exceptional quality and definition. This accelerated performance contributes to highly responsive, user-friendly operation, including a fast continuous shooting speed. Color reproduction is extremely natural and details are incredibly precise, especially with gradations in the highlight areas. Such processing efficiency also keeps power consumption minimal.The new EOS 5D has an array of premier functions often demanded by photographers who want hands-on creative control and comfort in a camera. Accurate focusing, enhanced durability, and quick, reliable response will make inspired ideas come true. Look through the viewfinder or 2.5-inch LCD to see how bright and wide your vision can be. With the EOS 5D, Canon frees your hands as well as your imagination by simplifying shooting operations. As for post-processing, expanded PictBridge functionality not only saves printing time but offers new ways to shape the world you see.
D6371240	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D6371241	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D6372283	Grabster AV 150 MX is the perfect solution for burning VCDs, SVCDs and DVDs with just a few clicks of the mouse. Copy your videos via USB onto your laptop or computer. Needless to say, Grabster AV 150 MX also supports all analog video sources such as camcorders and set-top boxes. Use video and slide show editing functions as well as the fully customizable selection menus to burn your valuable movie memories forever to CD and DVD at top quality. Also, it's quick and easy.
D6372655	RaidSonic ICY BOX is an external combo aluminum case for 2.5" SATA HDDs with display for status and power in blue, USB2.0 and eSATA interface.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compact aluminum case with display;Display for power and access blue lighted;With leatherette bag;USB 2.0 and eSATA interface;Supports HotSwap and PnP;USB bus power, no power supply needed.
D6372656	The RaidSonic ICY BOX IB-266StUSD-B is an external combo case for 2,5" SATA HDDs with display & docking station, USB2.0 & eSATA interface.
D6372811	It's Here - HyperX DDR2 memory, the next-generation evolution of DDR memory technology. Like all Kingston HyperX products, HyperX DDR2 modules were specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. HyperX DDR2 offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption.
D6372813	It's Here - HyperX DDR2 memory, the next-generation evolution of DDR memory technology. Like all Kingston HyperX products, HyperX DDR2 modules were specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. HyperX DDR2 offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption.
D6373881	After a series of great success among server builders, Spire delivers its high performance 1U solution, the SP517-1U RackSper X. The major difference between the RackSper X and other 1U coolers is the vertical 70mm blower sitting on top of the heat sink. That's not all, equipped with Spire's award winning heat sink, tri-s design aluminum cover, and ultra-tension springs; the Spire RackSper X is guaranteed to optimize best heat distribution and air flow.
D6374194	Cool, quiet operation, superior performance and industry-leading reliability make this EIDE drive ideal for desktop, business, and consumer electronics storage.
D6382279	APC Smart-UPS protects critical data by supplying reliable, network-grade power in either traditional tower or rack-optimized form factors. Award-winning Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for protecting business critical servers, voice and data networks, point of sale, retail/bank back office and ATM's. High real power output (watts), generous runtime, sine wave output, 16-segment LED visual display, and intelligent battery management make Smart-UPS the leading server class UPS.
D6382280	APC Smart-UPS protects critical data by supplying reliable, network-grade power in either traditional tower or rack-optimized form factors. Award-winning Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for protecting business critical servers, voice and data networks, point of sale, retail/bank back office and ATM's. High real power output (watts), generous runtime, sine wave output, 16-segment LED visual display, and intelligent battery management make Smart-UPS the leading server class UPS.
D6382281	APC Smart-UPS protects critical data by supplying reliable, network-grade power in either traditional tower or rack-optimized form factors. Award-winning Smart-UPS is the perfect UPS for protecting business critical servers, voice and data networks, point of sale, retail/bank back office and ATM's. High real power output (watts), generous runtime, sine wave output, 16-segment LED visual display, and intelligent battery management make Smart-UPS the leading server class UPS. Included PowerChute management software provides IT administrators the comfort of safe system shutdown and advanced UPS management. Additional manageability is available through the SmartSlot, an internal accessory slot that allows installation of optional accessories to enhance the performance of your UPS.
D6388225	Enermax Technology's main product range includes switching power supplies, PC cases, industrial PC cases, pedestal and tower server cases, CPU coolers, second fans, mobile racks and other peripherals. Enermax is always looking for the latest cutting-edge technology to offer its clients. Enermax's own design engineers work around the clock to come up with the best solutions and products to meet the demand of the market. Now, Enermax is engaged in developing more powerful types of products to serve customers in the future.PRODUCT FEATURES:On-Top interface for the easiest access (eSATA, 2 x USB, Audio I/O);External SATA port in front for fastest data transfer (up to 3GB/s);Massively curved meshed front panel with 2 brushed aluminum columns;Tool-free design;Micro dust filter in front;12cm fan slots in front and rear for silent cooling;Compliant with EEB, CEB, TEB and ATX specifications;Retractable foot stands;25cm monster fan with airflow direction switch for custom cooling.
D6388574	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Shares "ExpressCard" notebook extensions with the PC;Supports ExpressCard 34 and 54 form factor size;Compliant with PCI Express Base Specification 1.0a;1,5V / 3,3V LED indicator;Installs in any available PCI Express slot with different lane width.
D6388582	DIGITUS offers a complete and current program with more than 850 high quality products of computer network and peripherals, divided into DIGITUS NETWORK, DIGITUS CONNECT, DIGITUS ACCESSORIES and DIGITUS BLISTER.PRODUCT FEATURES:Usable for DSL / Cable - Modem;Wireless LAN 802.11g, 54Mbps;Supports WEP, WPA, WPA2 encryption;Auto MDI / MDI X Fast Ethernet switch;NAT and SPI Firewall security, DOS detection;DDNS and SNMP Support;DHCP server support;Web-based management.
D6388617	KeySonic's products bring you close with important data to the Internet and make it possible for you working in the digital world more effectively, playing and communicating.PRODUCT FEATURES:Full flexible silicone keyboard with blue illuminated keypad;Robust and universal: illuminated, foldable, rollable, dust-, and waterproof;Noise-less and soft stroke due to sealed long-travel keys (membrane technology);3× ACPI function keys for "Power", "Sleep", and "Wake up";Appealing blue status LEDs for Caps-, Num-, and Scroll-Lock;Plug & Play installation without any special driver.
D6392586	Without moving parts inside, Accelero S2 effectively helps the graphic card to remove heat and silently keeps the components cool. Thanks to the elegant design, Accelero S2 can even outperform other active cooling solutions, bringing a true industrial leading zero noise solution for demanding users.To provide the ultimate heat conductivity and larger surface area, Accelero S2 features dual thick copper heatpipes, which extend directly from GPU core. Heat from the GPU can rapidly reach through 31 dissipating fins that extend beyond the height of the graphic card. Optimized fin design allows air flow to easily pass through and removes the heat effectively. Together with the bundled RAM heat sinks, Accelero S2 provides an all-round passive solution that achieves the best cooling performance.Install and forget about it - No moving parts means maintenance free. An extra pair of mounting clips provides extensive protection to the graphic card that prevents damage from improper handling. With the help of the new mounting design, Accelero S2 is widely compatible with most mainstream ATI and nVIDIA graphic cards.This product is designed for the following systems:ATI:X1650, X1600, X1550, X1300, X1050 series;X850, X800, X700, X600, X550, X300 series;9XXX series.nVIDIA:GeForce 7600, 7300, 6600 series;FX 5950, 5900, 5700 (Ultra) series;FX 5600, 5500, 5200 series;GeForce 4 Ti, MX series.
D6392620	MSI Media Live is the latest addition to MSI's Media Center PC family. You will enjoy a true digital life in the living room with Media Live. It features all the necessary multimedia PC connectors for connecting a wide range of peripherals, including a card reader which allows users to transfer pictures, digital video, music or any type of data in less time.MSI Media Live is designed to transform all things digital in your life. With AMD LIVE!, you can enjoy your entire collection of movies, TV shows, music, pictures and other digital media files from virtually anywhere. And you can use all the digital electronic gear you already have - from set-top boxes and game consoles, to MP3 players and mobile phones - to access and share your collections.
D6392694	The Travel USB 2.0 4-Port hub allows connection of up to 4 USB Devices whilst on the move. Plug and Play functionality ensures this hub is simple and easy to use whilst the device draws power from the notebook ensuring a bulky AC adapter is not required on your travels. High speed USB 2.0 connectivity ensures fast and reliable data transfer to a variety of devices such as Mice, keyboards, USB adapters and Digital Cameras. This lightweight travel hub is ideal for use at home or on the road.
D6392696	Techsolo is a manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer periphery devices for the European market. The products are characterized by good quality and high functionality with an excellent price-performance ratio.
D6392697	techsolo is manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer periphery devices characterized by good quality and high functionality with an excellent price-performance ratio.
D6392940	The design of Freezer 64 LP ultra high performance dual fan achieves the ultimate cooling effect that dramatically cools the AMD CPU even inside a tiny chassis. Freezer 64 LP's 2 vertical cooling fans draw a large amount of cold air from both sides that cool the CPU fast and effectively. 3 copper heat pipes directly connected from the CPU core transfer heat out of the core rapidly.
D6392994	Canon WFT-E2 is a light and compact image file transmitter, which supports wireless/wired LANs plus FTP, PTP and HTTP protocols. Thanks to a connection wizard with broad compatibility, network access is sharply improved. The WFT-E2 is a premier work tool with expanded capability to link up with external storage media and GPS devices and others.
D6392998	Further development of Canon's flagship Speedlite has led to the production of the 580 EX II. This is the premier Speedlite for all photographers, including professionals. Newly designed to match with the EOS-1D Mark III in terms of improved dust- and water-resistance, body strength, and the ability to control flash functions and settings from the camera menu (EOS-1D Mark III only). Other features include improved communication reliability through its direct contacts, and recycling time is both 20% shorter than the 580EX and is completely inaudible.
D6393011	This battery pack features dustproof, water-resistant performance comparable with that of the Speedlite 580EX II. Its removable magazine allows quick battery changing.
D6393018	The lens embodies Canon's highest standards of L-series optics, build quality, reliability and operability. A robust construction includes dust and moisture resistant seals to protect against harsh weather conditions.A fast f/2.8 aperture delivers impressive low light performance and depth-of-field control. The aperture is fixed over the full focal range, allowing photographers to maintain a constant fast shutter speed when zooming.A ring USM (Ultrasonic Motor) drives extremely rapid auto focus with near-silent operation. Full time mechanical manual focus override is available without having to switch out of AF. The lens offers a minimum focusing distance of 0.28m throughout the zoom range.The EF 16-35mm f/2.8L II USM incorporates three aspherical elements to ensure corner-to-corner sharpness and clarity throughout the focal range. Two UD (Ultra Low Dispersion) elements virtually eliminate chromatic aberrations.Super Spectra lens coatings suppress flare and ghosting - more prone to occur with digital cameras due to reflection off the image sensor. Coatings also help maintain accurate color balance and high contrast.The lens passes distance information back to the camera's E-TTL II flash system for consistently accurate flash metering.The EF 16-35mm f/2.8L II USM lens comes supplied with a lens hood and soft case.
D6395475	This compact and stylish All-in-One offers excellent value for money. Benefit from quick, high quality laser printing, copying and color scanning - with automatic double-sided printing.The i-SENSYS MF4120 has a small footprint so it fits neatly on your desk. Compact and stylish, it provides professional laser printing, copying and cooler scanning. Easy-to-use and maintain, it maximizes efficiency and minimizes your investment costs.With a First Print-out time in 9.6 seconds, there's no waiting around every time you want to print. The unit springs into action the moment you need it, thanks to the On-Demand Fixing technology, UFRII LT high speed processing and high quality EF toner.Output speed is 20 pages per minute for printing and copying. A 1200 x 600dpi enhanced print resolution delivers professional laser quality printing for text and graphics. You benefit from both speed and quality, without compromise.Cut paper costs with automatic double-sided printing. You also help the environment by reducing paper usage.Scan color documents and photos directly into PC applications, to email or to text-searchable PDFs. Convert paper documents into easy to edit and share digital documents using the MF Toolbox. OCR software features easy document searching using specific keywords. The USB2.0 Hi-Speed interface speeds up image transmission between the multifunctional and your PC.
D6395478	The LBP3300 is a compact workhorse that will easily fit into any small or home office. With its two-tone color design, the LBP3300 continues the LASER SHOT design trend established with the LBP2900 and LBP3000.To aid the small and home office in reducing paper consumption and cut down on overheads, the LBP3300 comes with built-in duplex as standard. In a busy work environment, the LBP3300 delivers outstanding print speeds of 21 pages per minute. Speed is not secondary to quality - professional standard prints are generated at 2400 x 600 dpi equivalent.Canon Advanced Printing Technology utilizes high speed processing in combination with effective compression technology to ensure rapid output, and features a user-friendly graphical interface. In association with On Demand Fixing the LBP3300 requires no warm-up time and generates a first print in less than 9 seconds.
D6395479	This compact and robust i-SENSYS laser printer delivers professional documents on demand with a 21 pages per minute print speed. Convenient top operation makes it easy to place, use and maintain. High specification features as standard ensure productive performance.A Quick First Print in less than 9 seconds and zero warm-up time means there's no waiting around. The printer springs into action the moment it's needed - due to Canon's On-Demand Fixing technology, UFRII high speed processing and high quality EF toner.PCL5e/6 support ensures seamless integration into existing PCL printing environments. Plus UFRII - Canon's own propriety PDL technology - provides superior processing speed for fast output of documents.Users can share the printer across a network with the built-in Network Interface Card. NetSpot Device Installer ensures quick and simple set up. The integrated Remote User Interface allows users and administrators to manage and monitor printer status via their standard Internet browsers.The 2400 x 600dpi enhanced print resolution delivers professional laser quality output. Get clear, sharp prints for all your work whether text or complex graphics.Cut your paper costs with automatic double-sided printing, thanks to the built-in duplex unit. You also help the environment by reducing paper usage.Simply replace the All-in-One cartridge containing toner and all essential parts and your printer is as good as new - ready to provide continuous high quality output. An optional, high yield toner cartridge allows you to print well over double the amount of pages, reducing the cost per page.A maximum paper capacity of 500 sheets - consisting of a standard 250-sheet cassette plus an optional 250-sheet cassette - handles the work of even the busiest offices. Print on a range of paper sizes up to A4.The USB 2.0 Hi-Speed interface speeds up image processing between PCs and the printer.
D6395481	Print, fax, copy and scan perfectly with this complete and compact laser All-in-One. A 35-sheet Automatic Document Feeder and automatic double-sided printing enhance your productivity.Get professional laser printing, faxing, copying and color scanning in the smallest possible space. The compact and stylish i-SENSYS MF4150 is easy to use and place. Providing maximum productivity for a minimum investment.With a Quick First Print in 9.6 seconds, there's no waiting around when you want to print. The unit springs into action the moment you need it, thanks to the On-Demand Fixing technology, UFRII LT high speed processing and high quality EF toner.Output speed is 20 pages per minute for printing and copying. A 1200 x 600dpi enhanced print resolution delivers professional laser quality printing. Benefit from both speed and quality without compromise.The Super G3 fax modem sends faxes at 3 seconds per page to cut communication costs. The 256-page fax memory stores incoming faxes safely if paper or toner runs out. Ultra High Quality technology ensures that all details come out clearly when sending a combination of diagrams, photos and text.Copy, fax and scan multiple page documents with ease using the 35-sheet Automatic Document Feeder. Save time as there's no need to split up lengthy documents.Scan your color documents and photos directly into PC applications, to email or to PDF. Convert paper documents into digital documents using the MF Toolbox software. The OCR software features easy document searching using keywords. The USB2.0 Hi-Speed interface speeds up image transmission between the unit and your PC.
D6395485	Get more for your money with fast laser faxing and printing. The FAX-L120 ensures speed, reliability, high quality output and ease-of-use, to increase productivity and cut communication costs.This Super G3 fax transmits documents at a fast 3 seconds per page, so your phone costs are reduced and less time is spent waiting at the machine. Multiple faxes can be received without blocking the line, saving you more time.A large 340-page fax memory safely stores all incoming documents if paper or toner runs out during the evening or a weekend. They can then be printed out when supplies are replenished. Outgoing documents can also be scanned into memory, for sending at 'off-peak' times when phone rates are reduced.When you're transmitting detailed documents, such as diagrams or photos combined with text, Canon's unique UHQ (Ultra High Quality) technology ensures a perfect finish every time. Half-tone reproduction, in 64 shades of gray, gives extra depth and clarity to images.An Automatic Document Feeder allows documents of up to 30 pages to be handled in a single run - without having to split them up first for faxing or copying. The practical 150-page paper capacity is equally time-saving, as the cassette needs to be refilled less often. Plus speed dialing, with 15 one-touch and 100 coded numbers makes calling regular numbers extra easy.Simply replace the All-in-One cartridge, containing toner and all essential parts, and your fax is as good as new. There's no mess, no hassles - just continuous high quality output at all times.Combining reliability with a robust design, the FAX-L120 is compact yet stylish. It fits neatly on any desktop or in the smallest office space.Use the FAX-L120 as a practical laser printer - via the built-in USB connection - with a fast output of 12 pages per minute. And get superior quality output, thanks to a high 600 dpi resolution.
D6395554	The DIGITUS SOHO Wall Cabinets are made of a robust steel construction with a minimum of seams. They are ideal for all current IT- and Telecommunication applications.
D6395624	Enjoy plug & play ease and convenience with the Logitech Value Optical Mouse. The precise optical sensor delivers smooth tracking, and a convenient scroll wheel aids in navigation of web pages and spreadsheets. No ball means no more cleaning - and no more mouse pad required! It's all wrapped up in a comfortable design that's easy to set up: simply connect the mouse to get started.
D6395871	Marketing description is not available.
D6396315	No question about it, your notebook computer is big part of your daily life. Email, the Web, and IM keep you connected with friends and family - but what if you could see and hear them, too? Video IM is the way to go, and the QuickCam for Notebooks adds that dimension to your Internet experience. It works with all popular IM and video calling services, and provides super clear VGA video and integrated audio.
D6396316	Express yourself with the ClearChat Style PC headset's interchangeable colors. Ideal for Internet voice chat and PC gaming, you'll enjoy behind-the-head comfort and the convenience of a rotating, adjustable microphone boom. A noise-canceling microphone plus in-line volume and mute controls round out this premium headset.
D6396317	The slim, lightweight ClearChat Stereo PC headset adjusts over your head for a custom fit and is compatible with all popular Internet voice chat applications. The noise-canceling microphone minimizes background noise and rotates out of the way when you simply want to enjoy your favorite music and movies. Quickly and easily manage headset volume and microphone mute with convenient in-line controls.
D6397919	ASUS - Innovative Solutions for a Limitless Tomorrow. ASUS is devoted to providing leading-edge technologies, and best-value solutions of the highest quality to all its customers. ASUS provides innovative technology solutions to consumer, corporate and top-tier OEM customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Ergonomically designed for larger hard drive capacity;Supports up to 11 hard drive devices;Excellent solution for CPU, VGA, and other add-on card cooling;Injury-proof and screw-less design.
D6397920	ASUS - Innovative Solutions for a Limitless Tomorrow. ASUS is devoted to providing leading-edge technologies, and best-value solutions of the highest quality to all its customers. ASUS provides innovative technology solutions to consumer, corporate and top-tier OEM customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Side venting holes with air duct;Unique venting holes for add-on cards;2 front fans and 2 rear fans support with speed control;Large power switch and reset button;Folded edge interior;Injury-proofed ODD bracket and folded mental edge;Thumbscrews of side panel;Full EMI tested with emboss design;Great internal HDD capacity and PCI expansion.
D6397922	TM-9 is both functionally and aesthetically superior Mini Tower.PRODUCT FEATURES:Side venting areas and air-duct to enhance heat dissipation;Hexagon add-on card vents for fast heat dissipation;Rubber anti-shock absorbers hold the hard drive stable in place;Key lock function support;Spring-opened door for easy optical drive device operation;Multi-optional front I/O design.
D6398190	Creative's Sound Blaster X-Fi Xtreme Audio gives an experience beyond studio quality with MP3 music and movies! Featuring award-winning X-Fi technologies, X-Fi Crystalizer restores the details and vibrancies lost during MP3 and DIVX compression, breathing life back into any audio, while X-Fi CMSS-3D expands stereo music and movies into amazing surround sound. Effective over virtually any speakers, including stereo speakers, Sound Blaster X-Fi Xtreme Audio even provides unbelievable surround sound over normal headphones! Digital out for connecting to a home cinema system makes it ideal for media center PCs.
D6398192	Sound Blaster X-Fi Xtreme Gamer delivers award-winning X-Fi technology for faster, more immersive gaming. X-Fi, the world's most powerful audio processor, provides ultra-realistic X-Fi CMSS-3D surround sound over normal headphones and accelerates Direct X, OpenAL and EAX 5.0 for faster frame rates and cinematic sound. X-Fi 24-bit Crystalizer restores sparkle to low quality audio, upgrading Games, MP3, DIVX and TV audio to 24-bit. The low-profile design makes it ideal for Media Center PCs. It has an optical digital out for connecting to home cinema systems, while THX certification and Dolby and DTS decoding guarantee excellent results in movies.
D6400284	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D6400598	Micro-Star International keeps the principle of award-winning product quality and outstanding customer service in producing its mainboards, add-on cards and other products that accompany the assembling of brand-new PCs. When you need a stable power source, choose the power source made by MSI and you may rest assured that it will satisfy the needs of your system.
D6401603	This compact, standard zoom lens that realizes 90mm at the telephoto end is virtually the same size as the EF 28-80mm f/3.5-5.6 V USM.The EF 28-90mm f/4-5.6 III is designed as a standard zoom lens for the EOS 300X. It is among the lenses with the fastest AF speed in its class when used with this camera. To achieve this increased speed the EF 28-90mm f/4-5.6 III uses an AF drive pattern optimised for the EOS 300X and features a new AF algorithm. The exterior design of the lens matches that of the EOS 300X and other EOS models. High image quality is ensured throughout the focal length range by the use of an aspherical element in one of the lens groups. Only environmentally friendly lead-free glass is used for the optics. This lens also includes distance-metering information that provides compatibility with the E-TTL II flash system.
D6403625	The Creative's Xmod upgrades audio from low fidelity to Xtreme fidelity in seconds! Compatible with PCs and Macs and requiring no software installation, it delivers an audio experience over headphones or stereo speakers that's beyond studio quality, for amazing results with MP3 and movies! It incorporates Creative's award winning X-Fi audio technologies; X-Fi Crystalizer, which restores the details and vibrancy lost during MP3 and movie compression, plus X-Fi CMSS-3D, which converts audio to surround sound over headphones or stereo speakers. The ultra-compact Xmod features convenient connectivity and easy controls for volume and effects, plus a clever 'push to mute' feature. For better audio with Xmod, just connect, enhance and enjoy!
D6403736	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:8-button wireless laser mouse with tilt scroll wheel and extra Vista/Media Player buttons;With special buttons to control Media Player, zoom in/out and web browsing;2.4 GHz wireless operation for smooth and immediate mouse response with a range up to 8 meters;Smart link technology: easy automatic wireless connection;Extra long battery life due to latest power saving technology;Special button to switch sensitivity to 800 and 1600 dpi.
D6404469	Charge your AA and AAA batteries overnight with this Plug Charger. It charges two or four batteries simultaneously. The built-in timer stops the process after eighteen hours, so no damage from overcharging.
D6404539	Charge your AA and AAA batteries in up to ninety minutes. This slimline recharger charges two or four batteries simultaneously. The built-in timer stops the process when the battery is full, thereby preventing damage.
D6404541	Charge your AA and AA batteries in up to forty-five minutes. This recharger charges one to four batteries AA or AAA simultaneously. The built-in timer stops the process when the battery is full, thereby preventing damage.
D6405506	ASUS - Innovative Solutions for a Limitless Tomorrow. ASUS is devoted to providing leading-edge technologies, and best-value solutions of the highest quality to all its customers. ASUS provides innovative technology solutions to consumer, corporate and top-tier OEM customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports up to 11 hard drive devices;Excellent solution for CPU, VGA, and other add-on card cooling;Injury-proof and screw-less design.
D6405507	ASUS - Innovative Solutions for a Limitless Tomorrow. ASUS is devoted to providing leading-edge technologies, and best-value solutions of the highest quality to all its customers. ASUS provides innovative technology solutions to consumer, corporate and top-tier OEM customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Side venting holes with air duct;Unique venting holes for add-on cards;2 front fans and 2 rear fans support with speed control;Large power switch and reset button;Folded edge interior;Injury-proofed ODD bracket and folded mental edge;Thumbscrews of side panel;Full EMI tested with emboss design;Great internal HDD capacity and PCI expansion.
D6405508	ASUS - Innovative Solutions for a Limitless Tomorrow. ASUS is devoted to providing leading-edge technologies, and best-value solutions of the highest quality to all its customers. ASUS provides innovative technology solutions to consumer, corporate and top-tier OEM customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Side venting holes with air duct;Unique venting holes for add-on cards;2 front fans and 2 rear fans support with speed control;Large power switch and reset button;Folded edge interior;Injury-proofed ODD bracket and folded mental edge;Thumbscrews of side panel;Full EMI tested with emboss design;Great internal HDD capacity and PCI expansion.
D6413285	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D6413499	Asus WL-138g V2 Wireless PCI Adapter provides an option for desktop PC users to optimize wireless LAN connectivity. The Asus Wireless IEEE802.11g PCI Adapter is ready to run in any PCI-equipped desktop PC. With WL-138g V2 Wireless PCI Adapter, users may easily upgrade their desktop PCs to WLAN client station, which have users on the network without restriction.
D6413669	Marketing description is not available.
D6414235	The Targus Voice Recording Presenter with Laser Pointer incorporates three individual products into one small, easily portable product; includes PowerPoint presenter, voice recorder and SD memory card reader.The remote control sized product includes all the features needed for a boardroom or classroom presentation. Integrated voice recorder enables you to record questions, remarks and reminders during a meeting without disrupting your presentation.
D6420819	With advancements in technology, a new dawn has come for the lifestyle of the human race and world has now entered a Digital Age. Yet the relentless progress of technology seems to have allowed cold logic to overshadow people's search for spiritual fulfillment. HANNS.G sees that consumers are wishing for quality in their life so functional technology is now gifted with a rich palette of colors thanks to design aesthetics. HANNS.G products symbolize the spirit of Go Beyond to provide consumers with a whole new experience of technology; with its user-friendly interface, clean design and exceptional quality, it has surpassed consumer expectations and existing market standards. The aesthetics of technology have been redefined, creating a perfect combination of the sensible with sensual within the products from HANNS.G.
D6430607	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D6430608	The Off-Camera Shoe Cord OC-E3 is convenient for using your flash apart from the camera.
D6432607	The EF-S 60mm f/2.8 Macro USM is the first true Macro lens in the EF-S series. A dynamic, compact, fast focusing lens providing dramatic detail that goes beyond the human eye.With its ability to focus life-size images onto the image sensor, the EF-S 60mm f/2.8 Macro USM offers true macro performance in the EF-S lens series. Having an effective focal length of approximately 96mm in 35mm format, it produces breathtaking close-up results. A minimum focusing distance of just 20cm gets you super close to your subject, filling your frame only with the subject detail you require.The EF-S 60mm f/2.8 Macro USM works in harmony with EF-S mount EOS cameras to let you explore an exciting new photographic dimension. Nature photographers will delight in the ability to capture the intricate beauty of tiny features. With capacity to reproduce an image on the sensor that is as large as the subject itself, you take your audience inside a magnificent miniature world.Portrait photographers will enjoy working with the large aperture, which narrows depth of field and creates beautiful background blur, making your subject stand out with dramatic effect.The EF-S 60mm f/2.8 Macro USM adds enormous versatility to your kit while adding little weight. Its near-silent Ultra Sonic Motor (USM) provides super-fast precision auto-focusing with full-time manual override.Over 60 years of optical engineering heritage have gone into producing a lens that delivers exacting picture quality standards. Canon lens technologies combine to produce high corner-to-corner resolution, brightness, contrast and balanced color reproduction, throughout all focusing distances.Designed specifically for digital photography, the lens has specially shaped lens elements with Super Spectra coatings to suppress ghosting and flare, which can be caused by reflections off a digital camera sensor. An exclusive optional lens hood further reduces the incidence of flare.
D6432608	Canon EF 50mm f/1.8 II is the lightest EF lens of all at a mere 130g. Its Gaussian optics provides sharp delineation from near to far focusing distances. The color balance is excellent for a standard lens.
D6436354	techsolo is manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer devices.PRODUCT FEATURES:LED light with USB connector;Powered by USB;Plug and Play;Flexible arm for easy adjustment;Equipped with power-saving LED.
D6436355	techsolo is manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer devices.
D6441581	The three cornerstones of Cooler Master's business philosophy are innovation, speed, and customer satisfaction. It has been Cooler Master's steadfast commitment to these values and ability to fulfill its promise to honor them that accounts for its sustained record of growth and the many long-term customers it has accumulated. Together, innovation, speed, and customer satisfaction ensure that Cooler Master is the supplier that the companies around the world rely on to deliver the best solutions.PRODUCT FEATURES:Superior airflow;Special mesh design provides the superior airflow and maximum cooling performance;Tool-free design;Easy assembly for quick maintenance and upgrade;120mm case fan;120mm fans in the front and rear to give your PC the best ventilation while maintain silent cooling solution.
D6443426	Developed to succeed the EF75-300mm f/4-5.6 II USM, this compact, lightweight high- magnification telephoto zoom lens covers medium telephoto 75 mm to super telephoto 300 mm. Like the EF28-80mm f/3.5 -5.6 V USM, it has a metal ring at the front of the zoom ring to give it an upscale image. It incorporates a Micro USM that enables quick and silent focusing. For environment protection, only lead-free glass lens elements are used.
D6445020	Maxtor DiamondMax 21 hard drive continues the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. The DiamondMax family of hard drives provides a value solution for applications that require a balance of the most popular capacities, basic performance and reliability.DiamondMax 21 drive is ideal for entry and mainstream, home and office PC applications and an excellent solution for integrators and system builders.
D6445021	Maxtor DiamondMax 21 hard drive continues the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. The DiamondMax family of hard drives provides a value solution for applications that require a balance of the most popular capacities, basic performance and reliability.DiamondMax 21 drive is ideal for entry and mainstream, home and office PC applications and an excellent solution for integrators and system builders.
D6447122	SanDisk Extreme III expands its award-winning, professional line of memory cards with a new 4GB SDHC (Secured Digital High Capacity) card. The SanDisk Extreme III 4GB SDHC memory card offers speed, performance and reliability to ensure you get your photos every time. A 4GB memory card can store more than 2000 high-resolution pictures or up to 8 hours of MPEG 4 video.
D6448959	The GNR TV200 is a unique TV Tuner add on to any LCD TFT monitor with an un-obstructed VESA wall mount fitting of 100mm x 100mm (VESA100). This analog tuner simply attaches to the VESA wall mount holes of your LCD still allowing wall mounting of your screen and also allows the VGA signal from your PC to be throughput through the device. Running independently of your PC, it doesn't require your PC to be powered in order to use it! The kids can watch TV at night on their LCD TFT without the noise or added electricity bill associated with a PC!
D6452619	Designed for departmental and standard workloads, Windows Server 2003 R2 Standard Edition, delivers intelligent file and printer sharing, more secure Internet connectivity, centralized desktop policy management, and Web solutions that connect employees, partners, and customers. Windows Server 2003 R2 Standard Edition provides high levels of dependability, scalability, and security.Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 2 is a collection of updates and security enhancements to the current Windows Server 2003 operating system. Service Pack 2 (SP2) tightens security of your Windows Server and improves its performance and reliability.
D6452946	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.
D6455359	This 2-in-1 USB KVM cable is designed to connect a USB computer to the TRENDnet TK-803R and TK-1603R KVM switches. This cable consists of a USB keyboard/mouse cable and monitor cable bonded into a single device.
D6455361	TEW-434APB Wireless PoE Access Point is today's link to Wireless Technology. Compliant with the IEEE Wireless Networking Standard 802.11g, it provides Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum (DSSS) operation for transparent bridging and roaming capabilities for wireless nodes. The TEW-434APB also provides WDS bridging functions, allowing users to connect two or more Access Points together, wirelessly. With this Wireless Access Point and Wireless Network Adapters, users can connect to Ethernet/Fast Ethernet LAN at home or office to access network resources with coverage up to 300 meters.
D6457119	Samsung's S Series HD161HJ is a silent and speedy HDD. It demonstrates enhanced performance that meets all your needs.
D6457975	The Intel Celeron processor is designed to bring a balanced level of proven technology and value to basic PC desktops. With the Celeron processor you can expect an affordable and reliable PC for your home or home office to meet your basic computing needs, such as e-mailing friends and relatives, tracking home finances, and running interactive or educational software for your kids. It provides great balance between computing power and affordability. The entire family of Celeron processors delivers Intel technology, quality, and reliability to the desktop, value PC consumer.
D6458730	Take advantage of affordable A3+ printing for high-speed, high quality output of all your photos, documents and graphics - with long-lasting photo prints. The Single Ink system ensures added economy.The PIXMA iX4000 delivers your A4 documents at up to 18ppm in mono and 14ppm in color. Print on a range of sizes right up to A3+ and profit from fast output for all your work.Print your photos in a variety of different sizes, all the way up to A3+. In approximately 166 seconds (Standard mode) your photo lab quality print is ready to go. Also enjoy fast borderless photo printing!Get detailed color output for photos and everything else you print. The PIXMA iX4000 gives a 4800 x 1200 dpi print resolution, thanks to Canon's FINE technology with 2pl ink droplets.Get sharp and crisp black text with rich and vibrant color graphics for all your documents, reports, web pages and other work. Expect professional and perfect print quality on a constant basis.Canon's ChromaLife100 system of print head, inks and Canon genuine photo papers preserves your memories by producing beautiful photos that last a lifetime.Print your photos directly from all PictBridge compatible digital cameras and camcorders, without the use of a computer quickly and easily.With the Single Ink system you just change the empty ink tank, minimizing ink wastage.The robust design of the PIXMA iX4000 provides reliable operation in all environments. A convenient 150-sheet Auto Feeder adds to overall ease. The printer is both Windows and Mac OS X compatible and features a USB2.0 Hi-Speed interface for rapid data transfer.
D6467023	A-Data provides its customers with the highest quality products and one-stop-shopping services. Through rigorous quality control and monitored testing environment, A-Data can guarantee to supply the highest quality products. Producing world-class quality products and continuous improvement is A-Data's quality policy. Furthermore, A-Data Technology is focused on meeting customers' various requirements.
D6470314	The optical system, construction, and exterior are the same as the EF 75-300 mm f/4-5.6 III USM's. The difference is that it uses a DC motor instead of a USM to drive the AF.
D6470353	TechniSat offers the optimal Multimedia extension with the SkyStar 2 TV for your PC!Apart from the receipt of digital TV- and radio programs via satellite the card is also in the best way for data services or "High speed internet via satellite" (e.g. T-DSL via Satellit, skyDSL, Filiago or sat_speed+) suitably.
D6470909	Get a grip on your components, the Uber Chakra case can move massive amount of air via its huge 25cm side fan with mesh opening to provide maximum air flow. The inside can support any full size 12x13 motherboard and full size prerelease cards.PRODUCT FEATURES:On-Top interface for the easiest access (eSATA, 2 x USB, Audio I/O);External SATA port in front for fastest data transfer (up to 3GB/s);Massively curved meshed front panel with 2 brushed aluminum columns;Tool-free design;Micro dust filter in front;12cm fan slots in front and rear for silent cooling;Compliant with EEB, CEB, TEB & ATX specifications;Retractable foot stand;25cm monster fan with airflow direction switch for custom cooling.
D6475021	Cool, quiet operation, superior performance and industry-leading reliability make this drive ideal for desktop, business, and consumer electronics storage.
D6476653	ASRock is an energetic company with the support of strong R&D team and active marketing channels. ASRock's mission is to be an excellent opportunity for customers in the motherboard market who have yearned for a reliable, cost-effective motherboard brand for a long time. With its vision to provide reliable and affordable products, ASRock is confident that it can succeed in the motherboard industry and will continue to grow in other IT industry fields.PRODUCT FEATURES:Socket 754 for AMD Athlon 64 and Sempron processors;NVIDIA nForce3 250 Chipset.
D6477681	This lightweight, compact standard zoom lens is practically identical to the EF28-105mm f/3.5-4.5 USM optically and mechanically, but it has a leather toned exterior finish for a higher quality look. It focuses to 0.5m throughout the zoom range using inner focusing. Inner focusing and the Ring USM focusing motor provide silent, high-speed focusing. It has full time manual focus, which allows manual focusing without leaving the AF mode. The non-rotating front ring, which fascinates use of accessories, and other advanced specifications are carried over from the original EF28-105mm f/3.5-4.5 USM.
D6478739	Maxtor DiamondMax 21 hard drive continues the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. The DiamondMax family of hard drives provides a value solution for applications that require a balance of the most popular capacities, basic performance and reliability.DiamondMax 21 drive is ideal for entry and mainstream, home and office PC applications and an excellent solution for integrators and system builders.
D6479754	Arctic Cooling is a leader in creating thermal cooling solution for personal computer systems that enable CPU (Central Processing Unit), GPU (Graphic Processing Unit) and PC case cooling while reducing the noise level.PRODUCT FEATURES:Best noise-performance ratio;Patented case design;Patented vibration absorption.
D6481289	ZM500-HP is ultra-quiet power supply complied with ATX12V Version 2.2, and supports the latest dual-core CPUs, as well as the latest dual graphic card systems (SLI). A heat pipe with ultra-high cooling performance incorporates the power suppliers with main rectifiers and enables high load operation even at low RPM for a dramatic reduction in noise levels.By implementing Active PFC (Power Factor Correction), the Power Factor (PF) is improved from 75% (Passive PFC) up to 99% while harmful harmonic frequencies are reduced to meet the line harmonic distortion requirements of IEC61000-3-2 Class D.This power supply is capable of reaching a maximum of 84% efficiency (230VAC, Full & Typical Load) through its use of high switching frequency and low power-loss circuitry.
D6484849	The stylish Logitech UltraX Premium Keyboard delivers the ultimate look, feel, and design to any PC, and is the ideal complement for LCD monitors. With its soft-touch notebook keycaps, the low-profile design of the UltraX Keyboard means it remains comfortable even for prolonged daily use. The keyboard incorporates six multimedia and Internet hot-keys and is fully functional without having to install drivers (Windows XP and higher). Its simple brown-box packaging makes it ideal for bundling with a PC or for use as a replacement product in a corporate environment.
D6485740	Marketing description is not available.
D6503876	Maxtor DiamondMax 21 hard drive continues the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. The DiamondMax family of hard drives provides a value solution for applications that require a balance of the most popular capacities, basic performance and reliability.DiamondMax 21 drive is ideal for entry and mainstream, home and office PC applications and an excellent solution for integrators and system builders.
D6508999	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.PRODUCT FEATURES:Attractive ATX Miditower case in robust, space saving design;Standard screws, mainboard spacer.
D6510132	The complete DIGITUS assortment contains extensive products of its active and passive network components. With DIGITUS you are able to install your individual network.PRODUCT FEATURES:Ethernet IEEE 802.3 10BaseT compatible, USB 2.0 full speed (up to 100 Mbps);1 x RJ-45 (STP) port, USB female type A;Plug & Play;Power supply via USB bus;Suitable for all typical network environments.
D6512605	A powerful printing solution for your entire Business. Combine speed, productivity, reliability, enhanced features, network readiness, and you have the ML-4050N. Optimized features with increased memory and printing speed puts the user in charge. Everything comes together in one premium solution. With the ML-4050N, it's not that hard to imagine.Satisfying the needs for cost-conscious users with its fast printing, high capacity, and plethora of options, Samsung ML-4050N represents reliable printing speed and enhanced optional functions for an efficient and productive office environment.
D6517452	Mini laser mouse with insertable receiver for mobile use. No more need to search for your receiver or store it separately! Power concept for long battery life. Soft touch surface and a precise resolution of 1000 dpi.
D6517782	techsolo is manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer periphery devices characterized by good quality and high functionality with an excellent price-performance ratio.
D6518366	Marketing description is not available.
D6526616	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 2.0 and USB 1.1 compatible;4 x USB A socket (USB 1.1 and 2.0 devices);Maximum data transfer rate 480 Mbps (USB 2.0);Voltage protection at all outputs;Supports "hot-plug", is "PnP" capable;Compatible with PC and Apple computers.
D6527182	Maxtor DiamondMax 21 hard drive continues the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. The DiamondMax family of hard drives provides a value solution for applications that require a balance of the most popular capacities, basic performance and reliability.DiamondMax 21 drive is ideal for entry and mainstream, home and office PC applications and an excellent solution for integrators and system builders.
D6528777	The Logitech MX 620 lets you fly through long documents at hyper speed with the nearly frictionless alloy scroll wheel. Shift to precise click-to-click scrolling when you want to navigate lists, slides and image collections. Laser tracking delivers smoother, more responsive cursor control than standard optical mice. 2.4 GHz digital technology provides an uninterrupted cordless connection. You won't be caught out by flat batteries with 1-year battery life and an indicator light to warn you when power is low. Advanced one-touch search button instantly displays results from search engine and forward/back buttons speed up web browsing.
D6529207	This network-ready, laser All-in-One offers high quality printing, copying and color scanning in a compact unit. Cut paper costs and produce professional documents with built-in automatic duplexing.Increase productivity and save space with the i-SENSYS MF4660PL. This stylish, laser All-in-One provides professional print, copy and color scan functionality in one compact unit.Convenient built-in automatic double-sided printing saves you time and money. Cut paper costs and produce more professional looking documents and booklets with ease.Small workgroups can share printing resources thanks to the built-in network interface card. A Remote User Interface allows each user to view machine status and monitor print jobs from their web browser. Administrators can also view and change network and machine settings.Benefit from a First Copy Out Time of just 8.5 seconds. Switch on and start printing or copying almost straight away. There's virtually zero warm-up time from sleep mode with Quick First Print performance.The department ID management security function lets you control copying costs, by restricting machine access to authorized users.
D6533664	PRODUCT FEATURES:The product is equipped with Zalman's patented VFP (Variable Fin Profile) technology. Fan installed inside the heatsink maximizes the cooling efficiency and the product's maximized dissipation surface area provides excellent performanceUse of four high performance heat pipes maximizes heat transferPure copper thin fins (0.3mm) for excellent cooling performanceCools not only the VGA chipset and VGA RAM, but all other VGA components as well80mm Slim LED Fan for excellent performance and great aestheticsNewly improved installation structure provides easy installation and broad compatibilityAdjustable fan speed controller (FAN MATE 2) enables control of noise and fan speedDoes not generate noise or vibration in Silent Mode
D6533683	WD Scorpio 2.5-inch drives offer fast performance and low power consumption, making them ideal for notebooks and other portable devices.
D6534516	techsolo is manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer periphery devices characterized by good quality and high functionality with an excellent price-performance ratio.
D6537388	This world's smallest color multifunctional printer is ideal for small office or home office use.
D6538501	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 2.0 high-speed sound card for the USB port;Virtual 5.1 effects;Integrated high performance 16 bit audio converter;Audio connection is via a 3,5 mm stereo jack.
D6543476	This 2.5-inch hard drive offers high-performance, low-power storage for portable digital devices of all kinds.
D6547585	The Twin2X2048-6400C5DHX is a 2048MByte matched pair of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 800MHz at the low latencies of 5-5-5-18.
D6547586	The Twin2X4096-6400C5DHX is a 4096MByte matched pair of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 800MHz at the low latencies of 5-5-5-18.
D6550977	Marketing description is not available.
D6550978	Marketing description is not available.
D6553673	Wings on your mobile! SpinPoint M Series is the perfect choice for mobile PC user.PRODUCT FEATURES:TuMR/PMR head with wireless suspension design;Serial ATA 1.5Gbps interface support;SATA native command queuing feature set;Device initiated SATA power management;Fluid dynamic bearing spindle motor technology;Load/Unload head technology;ATA security mode feature set;ATA SMART feature set;ATA automatic acoustic management feature set;ATA device configuration overlay feature set;Multi-burst on-the-fly error correction;SilentSeek;Hybrid latch system for reliability and quietness.
D6553675	Wings on your mobile! SpinPoint M Series is the perfect choice for mobile PC user.PRODUCT FEATURES:TuMR/PMR head with wireless suspension design;Serial ATA 1.5Gbps interface support;SATA native command queuing feature set;Device initiated SATA power management;Fluid dynamic bearing spindle motor technology;Load/Unload head technology;ATA security mode feature set;ATA SMART feature set;ATA automatic acoustic management feature set;ATA device configuration overlay feature set;Multi-burst on-the-fly error correction;SilentSeek;Hybrid latch system for reliability and quietness.
D6553676	Wings on your mobile! SpinPoint M Series is the perfect choice for mobile PC user.PRODUCT FEATURES:TuMR/PMR head with wireless suspension design;Serial ATA 1.5Gbps interface support;SATA native command queuing feature set;Device initiated SATA power management;Fluid dynamic bearing spindle motor technology;Load/Unload head technology;ATA security mode feature set;ATA SMART feature set;ATA automatic acoustic management feature set;ATA device configuration overlay feature set;Multi-burst on-the-fly error correction;SilentSeek;Hybrid latch system for reliability and quietness.
D6556626	Creative's Live! Cam Optia AF is the world's first web cam to offer auto focus technology and a true 2 megapixel sensor! With its precision lens it's the reference standard for clean, high-resolution still images, movie clips, video blogs and Internet video calls. This stylish camera, with its glossy black finish, also features Creative's unique dual microphone system and Live! Audio technology, which eliminates background noise for clearer, echo-free speech. For total ease of use, the camera is truly plug and play, enabling users to plug it into a USB port and start video chatting without installing any drivers.
D6561371	The RX250 Optical Mouse, with its classic renowned design, offers consistent optical tracking performance with additional features truly enhancing the user experience.
D6561372	The RX250 Optical Mouse, with its classic renowned design, offers consistent optical tracking performance with additional features truly enhancing the user experience.
D6561373	Enjoy rich, full sound, edgy design, and convenient controls. The Logitech S120 Speaker System is the perfect audio companion to your PC or notebook.PRODUCT FEATURES:2.0 stereo speaker system;New design with metal grill (all-matte finish);Satellite base designed for greater stability on the desktop;Integrated power and volume control;3.5 mm headphone jack included;Improved acoustics with 2.3 W RMS output.
D6561374	Enjoy rich acoustics with a high-quality subwoofer (9 W) and two satellite speakers (4 W each). A high-performance, piano-finish control base adds convenient access to volume, power, and bass controls.Headphone and microphone jacks are conveniently located on the wired remote.
D6561375	Mobile precision at the price of simplicity! The NX50 is a practical and precise notebook mouse that users can wrap, pack and use everywhere. Its laser optical engine with 1000dpi resolution provides exceptional tracking precision on any work surface, especially high-gloss surfaces that traditional optical mice can't navigate. The NX50, with an attractive new paint finish, features a shock-resistant bumper which easily withstands bumps on the road, while the integrated cord wrap makes the NX50 easy to stow. USB connector; no set-up required; simply plug and play. The white box commercial package has been optimized for the reseller channel.
D6562596	Logitech's S-120 stereo speaker system with its refresh design features enhanced acoustics delivering a smooth audio performance with low distortion. The S-120 speaker with its redesigned base offers sturdy design, strong audio performance and exceptional value for money. The integrated power and volume control is conveniently located on the satellite at your fingertips with an essential 3.5mm jack close by.
D6564264	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.
D6565132	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Molded hoods;Cable 15-wire, shielded.
D6565295	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;2 x RJ45 connectors;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot;Connection 1:1.
D6565302	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;2 x RJ45 connectors;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot;Connection 1:1.
D6565316	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;2 x RJ45 connectors;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot;Connection 1:1.
D6565323	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;2 x RJ45 connectors;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot;Connection 1:1.
D6565342	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;2 x RJ45 connectors;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot;Connection 1:1.
D6565349	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;2 x RJ45 connectors;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot;Connection 1:1.
D6565356	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;2 x RJ45 connectors;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot;Connection 1:1.
D6565363	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;2 x RJ45 connectors;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot;Connection 1:1.
D6565370	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;2 x RJ45 connectors;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot;Connection 1:1.
D6565377	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;2 x RJ45 connectors;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot;Connection 1:1.
D6565384	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565386	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565389	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565391	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565393	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565396	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565398	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565403	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565405	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565406	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565412	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565426	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565440	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565447	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565459	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565466	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565472	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565475	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565476	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565486	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565499	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565506	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565509	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565516	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565523	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565543	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565550	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565557	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565564	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565571	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565585	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565592	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565616	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.
D6565617	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.
D6565618	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.
D6565647	Assmann has made its name as a producer and distributor of high-quality components for the electronic industry. To meet the increasing inquiries of the market, computer and network products were added step by step to the assortment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Unshielded Cat5e patch cable;2 x RJ45 connectors;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot;Connection 1:1.
D6565790	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565792	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6565793	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D6571914	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6571921	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6571930	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6571937	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6571944	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6571949	Compact photo printer the whole family can enjoy. The SELPHY CP740 makes printing at home fun and affordable. With a range of different print sizes, the results you want are always close at hand.Just connect your digital camera - or insert your memory card - for superb results at the touch of a button. Printing from a computer is quick and straightforward, too. Software provided makes it easy to organize, enhance, share and print photos from your computer.Print straight from any compatible digital camera or camcorder - no PC required. 300 dpi dye-sublimation printing technology delivers superb quality prints that last up to 100 years in an album. An instantly dry coating protects against splashes, spills and sticky fingers.A generous 2.0" color LCD offers easy operation with an icon-based interface. View memory card images. Select print settings. The full-screen display lets you see your photos in sharp detail before you print.Quick start-up means even less waiting for your prints. Red-Eye Correction is built right into the printer, so you can restore eyes to their natural look without the need for a computer. Thanks to an optional Bluetooth adapter you can print direct from most mobile phones. Attractive design suits to complement any contemporary home. No more tangled and missing leads. The retractable USB cable neatly hides away when not in use.
D6571952	SELPHY CP750 is the perfect accessory for your digital camera. Create photolab-quality prints right in your own home.Compact and lightweight, this printer is the perfect partner for on-the-spot prints wherever you are.Three convenient card slots accept most memory cards for instant prints on the spot.Its generous 2.4" color LCD offers easy operation with an icon-based interface. View memory card images. Select print settings. Apply photo effects. The full-screen display lets you see your photos in sharp detail before you print.A red-eye removal function is built right into the printer, so you can restore eyes to their natural look without the need for a computer.Get creative and use the Effect button to apply My Colors to your photos. Choose from Vivid, Neutral, Positive Film, Sepia and Black & White. You can also crop photos before printing with the Trim button. The printer automatically offers the correct proportions for the paper loaded.
D6571956	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6571964	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6571980	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6571984	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6571988	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6572004	The Club 3D 6200, is designed for entry level, but serious, graphics performance. It is an excellent choice when building your own Windows VISTA PC. If you are looking for a cheap upgrade solution to meet minimum VISTA requirements, don't look further.
D6576195	The WD Caviar Blue features cool-running, quiet operation, and superior performance for desktop and business applications.
D6576643	This product is a medium telephoto lens with a macro feature for 1x magnification. Fluctuations in spherical aberrations caused by focusing are suppressed, and high-quality images are obtained at all focusing distances. With eight aperture blades, good background blur is obtained even when the aperture is decreased by one or two stops. A focusing limiter which limits the magnification to 0.25x is built-in.
D6576644	This lens features a large aperture and compact size. The first lens group moves for rear focusing. And sharp, crisp pictures are obtained at all apertures. The background blur is ideal for portraits. The USM autofocuses the lens quickly and quietly.
D6576645	Highly practical and portable telephoto zoom lens. The five zoom groups make the length only 121.5 mm. With rear focusing, the lens does not change length or rotate during focusing. Any filter effects therefore remain intact. It also makes auto focusing quick and quiet.
D6576646	Ultra-wide zoom lens with a high zoom ratio. By having multiple lens groups move during zooming, the lens could be made compact and lightweight. The aspherical element suppresses distortion. High contrast is maintained at all focal lengths and sharp images are obtained.
D6576647	This highly portable wide-angle lens has a good price-to-performance ratio. Its light weight of 185g makes it ideal as your standard wide-angle lens. The high-precision aspherical lens minimizes distortion and other aberrations for sharp images with high contrast.
D6576648	Standard zoom lens with an Image Stabilizer and high zoom ratio. With the Image Stabilizer turned on, you can obtain sharp, natural looking pictures in dim lighting without using flash or a tripod. Very handy for places where flash is prohibited. Uses ring-type USM for swift, silent auto focus and full-time manual focus.
D6576649	A handy, compact zoom lens is designed for versatile and easy subject selection while traveling, etc. The highest optical performance in its class, plus the convenience of focusing up to 45 cm over the entire zooming range. The micro USM drive provides silent, high-speed auto focusing, plus the wide zooming range provides an easy, enjoyable picture-taking experience. This lens is also available with a DC motor instead of a USM to drive the AF.
D6576650	Standard lens features superb quality and portability. Two high-refraction lens elements and new Gaussian optics eliminate astigmatism and suppress astigmatic difference. Crisp images with little flare are obtained even at the maximum aperture.
D6576651	The EF 55-200 f/4.5-5.6 II USM is a lightweight telephoto zoom lens, redesigned to give a better grip and improved electronic circuitry. An ideal addition to an EOS SLR photographer's arsenal.
D6576653	Here is a new agility and creativity in telephoto zoom lenses. This is the world's first camera zoom lens with a DO element: a triumph of precision optics delivers compact size, low weight and ultimate image quality.
D6576654	This highly practical medium telephoto lens has superb delineation and portability. Images are sharp and clear at all apertures. Through computer simulations, the lens has been designed to give beautiful background blur. Since the front lens group does not rotate during focusing, special filter effects are not affected.
D6576655	With its effective focal length range of approximately 16-35mm in 35mm format, the EF-S 10-22mm f/3.5-4.5 USM is a remarkable lens with outstanding image quality that will take your photography into new dimensions and areas of dramatic expression.The super-wide zoom not only gives you the freedom to get exactly what you want in the shot, it dramatically alters perspective to allow for dynamic expression. The lens allows you to get extremely close to subjects, exaggerating the difference in size between a near object and its background. Creative photographers can use this phenomenon to create excellent separation between subject and background for a strong sense of presence, or for a pan-focus effect with everything from foreground to background sharply in focus.
D6576656	This compact and fast-focusing lens provides real freedom of framing in a lightweight. The EF-S 17-85mm f/4-5.6 IS USM is an excellent all-purpose lens for EF-S mount EOS cameras.
D6578372	Logitech is an international market leader in human interface devices and software that link people to digital information and the Internet and enable them to work, play, learn and communicate more effectively in the digital world. The company's products combine essential core technologies, continuing innovation, award-winning industrial design and excellent price performance.
D6582853	Flash Survivor is an extremely durable, water resistant, drop-tested flash USB memory drive. By design it is perfect for transporting valuable data such as personal files, photos and applications without having to worry about damage or loss of data due to the elements.
D6582986	In a world of mass production it can be difficult to set yourself apart from the crowd and create an environment that reflects your tastes and passions. Hannspree is changing that. Hannspree is celebrated for its individuality, pride and personal style. It helps people customize their home environments based on their personal interests and passions.
D6583680	RaidSonic's target is to develop innovative products, which enrich and perfect the use of mass storage in a functional, aesthetic and high quality way. By the consequent use of high class components and materials, RaidSonic has positioned its products in the upper level market segment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Easy (EasySwap) exchange for your hard drive without tools;Aluminum surface refinement, chrome last;PnP and HotSwap;On/Off switch for blue lighting;Upright Stand, On/Off switch at the rear;Noiseless, without fan;USB2.0 and eSATA interface;eSATA Bracket, power supply, data cable and socket in scope of supply;Up to 1,5Gbit/s eSATA - up to 480Mb/s USB2.0;No capacity limitation.
D6586783	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D6591260	Available in either SATA or EIDE interface, these 2.5-inch hard drives offer high-performance, low-power storage for portable digital devices of all kinds.
D6591974	Samsung exemplifies technological determination and progressive ideals. From technology to business to the philanthropy, Samsung has become a world leader for which the possibilities are truly endless.PRODUCT FEATURES:TuMR/PMR head with wireless suspension design;Serial ATA 1.5Gbps Interface Support;SATA Native Command Queuing Feature set;Device Initiated SATA Power Management;Fluid Dynamic Bearing Spindle Motor Technology;Load/Unload Head Technology;ATA Security Mode Feature Set;ATA SMART Feature Set;ATA Automatic Acoustic Management Feature Set;ATA Device Configuration Overlay Feature Set;Multi-Burst On-The-Fly Error Correction;SilentSeek;Hybrid Latch System for Reliability and Quietness.
D6593570	Kingston HyperX memory is designed based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D6593573	Kingston HyperX memory is designed based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D6593574	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D6593575	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D6593577	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D6599141	The Deskstar 7K160 builds on Hitachi's award-winning tradition with 160GB per platter areal density technology. Desktop personal computers demand highly efficient designs. The Deskstar 7K160 meets these design points and delivers the sweet spot capacities for today's business applications.
D6599142	The Deskstar 7K160 builds on Hitachi's award-winning tradition with 160GB per platter areal density technology. Desktop personal computers demand highly efficient designs. The Deskstar 7K160 meets these design points and delivers the sweet spot capacities for today's business applications.
D6599145	The Deskstar 7K160 builds on Hitachi's award-winning tradition with 160GB per platter areal density technology. Desktop personal computers demand highly efficient designs. The Deskstar 7K160 meets these design points and delivers the sweet spot capacities for today's business applications.
D6606071	SanDisk Memory Stick PRO Duo cards give you plenty of room to capture and store your world. And they're built to last, so you can be confident that all of your precious files will be there when you want them.
D6606663	Chieftec's commitment in providing the best-quality products and its flexibility in meeting the fast changing market demands allow its customers to build the system of superior quality. High standards of quality and personalized services contribute to Chieftec reputation built on the customer satisfaction.
D6607611	The Barracuda 7200.10 is the largest, most reliable disc drive around. New perpendicular recording technology supports vertically stored data bits, enabling increased areal density - and dependability - for workstations and performance PCs.
D6607662	BDC-202 gives Blu-ray disc playback, with DVD and CD read/write compatibility. Developed for OEMs and systems builders, the drive has BD-ROM compatibility and enables playback of quality high-definition (HD) movies on PCs. It includes read support for single and dual-layer Blu-ray disc formats together with high-speed read/write compatibility with a range of DVD and CD media. The drive supports high-speed DVD read/write (including DVD-R/RW, +R/RW and DVD-RAM) and CD read/write.
D6607663	BDC-202 gives Blu-ray disc playback, with DVD and CD read/write compatibility. Developed for OEMs and systems builders, the drive has BD-ROM compatibility and enables playback of quality high-definition (HD) movies on PCs. It includes read support for single and dual-layer Blu-ray disc formats together with high-speed read/write compatibility with a range of DVD and CD media. The drive supports high-speed DVD read/write (including DVD-R/RW, +R/RW and DVD-RAM) and CD read/write.
D6607665	The BCD-S02 will read both single and dual-layer Blu-ray disc formats and provide high-speed read and write compatibility for a wide range of DVD and CD discs.The drive provides a cost-efficient, high-performance and simple method for you to experience Blu-ray entertainment on your home PC. Multimedia PCs are increasingly designed to complement home environments and are geared for movie playback with powerful processors, graphics and sound cards.The system can also be easily connected to your living room entertainment set-up, so you can enjoy the ultimate movie experience on your flat screen TV. Pioneer has ensured that the BDC-S02 is price competitive to existing next generation drives so that you can, whether buying a PC fitted with the drive or installing a unit yourself, access the extensive catalog of Blu-ray titles without paying a premium.With DVD and CD read/write compatibility, the drive is a smart mix of next generation technology and practicality.
D6610083	The advanced 3-stop Image Stabilizer (IS) technology of the EF 70-300mm f/4-5.6 IS USM lens makes it the ideal telephoto zoom when shooting in lowlight and at slow shutter speeds.
D6610985	Toshiba Storage Device Division has a robust roadmap for HD DVD product introductions and has already introduced HD DVD drives for incorporation into PCs, game consoles and media centers.With its rich heritage in delivering optical storage technologies as the company that developed and first delivered DVD, Toshiba is uniquely positioned to provide IT & CE manufacturers with next-generation DVD options for viewing movies, enjoying gaming and storing digital content in high-definition on their devices. HD DVD offers backward compatibility with current optical formats, sound technology specifications and wide adoption from content creators, as well as hardware and media manufacturers. These industry leaders are benefiting from efficient media and hardware manufacturing processes that do not require costly equipment upgrades, making HD DVD the right option for transitioning to next-generation, high-definition DVD technologies.
D6611384	Arctic Cooling is a leader in creating thermal cooling solution for personal computer systems that enable CPU (Central Processing Unit), GPU (Graphic Processing Unit) and PC case cooling while reducing the noise level.PRODUCT FEATURES:Circulation optimized fan blades;High airflow;High static pressure;Long lifetime.
D6611881	Designed for the living room and intimate personal environments, the LC17 is an HTPC enclosure with quiet appearance and excellent potential for low operational noise. The aluminum front panel is crafted to achieve a generous feeling of substance by minimizing gaps and holes. Everything is either covered or hidden to make sure the look is as clean as possible. Matching the quiet styling of the front panel is an interior that features the latest in HTPC enclosure design. From advanced six hard drive capacity and inverted PSU mounting to dedicated CPU cooling zone, the LC17 proves that there is no need to compromise when building an HTPC.
D6611884	The RA01 is a durable rackmount ear kit for SilverStone cases that are rackmount ready. To expand the functionality and to better safeguard your favorite SilverStone desktop cases, RA01 is the perfect option for any user who wants to have more storage versatility while also providing a more controlled handling of their cases. The rugged and SilverStone styled RA01, comes equipped with pre-drilled mounting holes and anodized finish for luxurious look. This high quality rackmount kit gives SilverStone enthusiasts a welcome exclamation mark to top off their system!
D6611885	The SG01-Evolution was created to further enhance the appeal of the original SG01. The challenge was to develop a small form factor enclosure that was capable of handling future generations of ultra high-end graphics cards running in parallel while keeping the delightfully slim dimension intact. In order to achieve this, SilverStone's talented engineers devised a completely new fan bracket that can accommodate fan sizes greater than what is allowed with conventional layout. Overall ventilation is also increased thanks to enlarged vents all around. With the ability to accept larger ATX power supply or optical drives than any other SFF case available, the SG01-Evolution is a great addition for any enthusiast looking to get a powerful yet small workstation or gaming machine.
D6611886	The SG01-Evolution was created to further enhance the appeal of the original SG01. The challenge was to develop a small form factor enclosure that was capable of handling future generations of ultra high-end graphics cards running in parallel while keeping the delightfully slim dimension intact. In order to achieve this, SilverStone's talented engineers devised a completely new fan bracket that can accommodate fan sizes greater than what is allowed with conventional layout. Overall ventilation is also increased thanks to enlarged vents all around. With the ability to accept larger ATX power supply or optical drives than any other SFF case available, the SG01-Evolution is a great addition for any enthusiast looking to get a powerful yet small workstation or gaming machine.
D6611888	This 120mm fan modular power supply is an excellent choice for high-end desktop systems with dual or quad graphics cards. Housed in an environmentally friendly casing of manageable size and offering a high variety of cable selections, the Strider Strider ST75F will again set the benchmark for modular power supplies in its class.
D6615606	PINE Technology is one of the leading technology companies engaged in the design, development, manufacturing and distribution of quality personal computer related products.PRODUCT FEATURES:400MHz RAMDACs;OpenGL 2.0 Optimizations and Support;Microsoft DirectX 9.0 Optimizations and Support;NVIDIA Intellisample 4.0 Technology;NVIDIA PureVideo Technology;NVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA);NVIDIA nView Multi-Display Technology;NVIDIA TurboCache Technology;PCI Express Support;High-definition MPEG-2 and WMV Hardware Acceleration;Video Color Correction;Video Scaling and Filtering;Advanced Motion Adaptive De-interlacing;Adaptable Programmable Video Processor;NVIDIA Digital Vibrance Control (DVC) 3.0 Technology.
D6616573	This medium telephoto lens features a built-in softfocus function. While providing sharp, high-quality telephoto performance for normal use, a molded glass (GMo) aspherical lens element (4th) moves for spherical aberration-generating to vary the degree of softfocus effect. This design provides a superb softfocus effect while at the same time precisely corrects changes in aberration due to changes in focusing distance. Softfocus effect is ideal for portrait and pictorial scenes. Two degrees of softfocus can be selected. The AF system precisely focuses the subject for the optimum softfocus effect.
D6616576	Lightweight and compact macro lens for close-ups up to 0.5x. Floating system for superior delineation at all focusing distances. With a large f/2.5 aperture, true and beautiful background blur is possible. Multi-purpose lens for portraiture and other applications besides macro photography.
D6616577	This lens, used alone without attachments, performs macrophotography from life-size to 5x magnification. This lens offers much better portability and operability for outdoor high magnification macro photography of flowers, insects, etc., than conventional bellows systems. The optics uses a 3-group floating system, which moves three lens groups independently for focusing. This compensates aberrations caused by the large changes of image magnification inherent in macrophotography, while achieving high magnification from life-size to 5x and a fast f/2.8 maximum aperture. A UD (Ultra-low Dispersion) glass lens element corrects chromatic aberration, which is often a problem in high-magnification macrophotography, and achieves a high-resolution and high-contrast image without color fringing. Automatic aperture drive by EMD (Electro-Magnetic Diaphragm) unit makes possible AE shooting with TTL metering for the entire range with EOS-1, EOS-1N and EOS-3 cameras (Manual exposure control for other EOS cameras). The wide manual focusing ring and detachable tripod mount assure good operability, and macro flash photography is possible with the optional Macro Ring Lite ML-3. The Angle Finder C, being marketed concurrently, is convenient for waist-level/low-angle shooting. Its 19.5mm long eyepoint and easy switching of magnification between 1.25x and 2.5x are very useful for macro photography.
D6616582	Successors to the EF1.4x this model offers valuable improvements for further enhanced image quality. This extender allows users to combine practicality and functionality with a new optical system allowing them to extend the master lens focal length by 1.4x, with minimal loss of lens performance or image quality. With a dust- and moisture-resistant construction this extender has been designed to reinforce the EOS system. Specially designed to work in conjunction with the EOS-1V and IS super telephoto L-series lenses, it makes a highly dust- and water-resistant combination. The EF1.4x II features improved anti-reflection materials inside the lens-barrel as well as improved coating around the outer edges of the lenses to reduce flare. All of these improvements will allow professional photographers to capture higher quality images than ever before.
D6616583	Successors to the EF2x this model offers valuable improvements for further enhanced image quality. This extender allows users to combine practicality and functionality with a new optical system allowing them to extend the master lens focal length by 2x, with minimal loss of lens performance or image quality. With a dust- and moisture-resistant construction this extender has been designed to reinforce the EOS system. Specially designed to work in conjunction with the EOS-1V and IS super telephoto L-series lenses, it makes a highly dust- and water-resistant combination. The EF2x II features improved anti-reflection materials inside the lens-barrel as well as improved coating around the outer edges of the lenses to reduce flare. All of these improvements will allow professional photographers to capture higher quality images than ever before.
D6617191	Increase your possibilities with a compact 4-port USB hub that fits your mobile lifestyle. Extra ports add instant connectivity for up to four devices - including thumb drives, cameras, and MP3 music players.
D6618007	Hybrid hard disk drive (HHDD) refers to a leading product that incorporates the advantages of flash into the hard disk drive, satisfying the requirements like energy consumption and reduced boot time. HHDD adds NV Cache (Non-Volatile Cache) to the conventional hard disk drive; significantly improving the read and write caching functions for the enhancement of data input/output as well as the computer's overall capacity. Indeed, this is the first type to combine a magnetic storage device with digital semiconductor. Unlike the hard disk drive, which requires a certain rotational speed in order to boot, HHDD stores the boot-related data in a built-in flash cache memory. This enables an ultra fast boot time of less than five seconds: a remarkable achievement compared to the current standard of between 20 and 30 seconds.
D6619788	Maxtor DiamondMax 21 hard drive continues the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. The DiamondMax family of hard drives provides a value solution for applications that require a balance of the most popular capacities, basic performance and reliability.DiamondMax 21 drive is ideal for entry and mainstream, home and office PC applications and an excellent solution for integrators and system builders.
D6620823	The Twin3X2048-1333C9DHX G is a 2048MByte-matched pair of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR3-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR3 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1333MHz at the low latencies of 9-9-9-24.
D6621058	The 188AF case is a low price computer case with many nice features like 2 x USB 2.0 and audio ports in the front panel. The high value design with scratch proove rubber coating in the front is also very interesting for system integrators. Enough space for up to 11 drive bays and also a reset switch and blue illuminated adjustable 250 mm fan for perfect cooling. You can save a very expensive and difficult to install water-cooling system, also no maintenance. The internal drive bays can be cooled down by an optional 120, 92 or 80 mm fan in the front. You can use the same cooling configuration in the backside as well to cool all components additionally. The front of the 188A has a door and a beautiful silk skin with acrylic parts design.
D6622624	PRODUCT FEATURES:ATA security mode feature setSATA native command queuing featureATA Self-Monitoring, Analysis and Reporting Technology (S.M.A.R.T) feature setTuMR/PMR head with FOD technologySilentSeekSerial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportNoiseGuardLoad/Unload Head technology
D6623098	Thermaltake is a respected leader in computer thermal solutions technology. Thermaltake has increasingly enjoyed the adoption of its thermal strategies by OEM and ODM companies worldwide. Its engineers are masters of airflow analysis, material conductivity and efficiency design. Thermaltake's unwavering devotion to quality and customer satisfaction has earned its products the approval of computer enthusiasts everywhere.PRODUCT FEATURES:Clean and elegant;Piano-black Mirror Coating front door;e-SATA connector built-in;Silent 120mm frameless rear exhaust fan for maximum airflow (front 120mm fan is optional);Openings on side panel for better CPU and VGA cooling;Removable motherboard tray.
D6624283	Canon has poured all the Know How of its extraordinary history of developing innovative office machines into each of its copiers, printers, and networked office systems. The same superiority of design and manufacture goes into all of the Canon-branded consumable imaging supplies and parts for this equipment. Naturally, no one makes better parts and supplies for Canon products than Canon. Using genuine Canon parts and supplies is your best insurance against equipment damage, and possibly voiding your equipment warranty.
D6625218	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.PRODUCT FEATURES:Bringing cutting edge technology to the masses with laser technology;20 times more precise than standard optical;For stable, stress-free PC operation;USB & PS/2 compatible; compatible with Windows;Resolution: 1200 dpi; 3000 fps.
D6625219	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.PRODUCT FEATURES:Bringing cutting edge technology to the masses with laser technology;20 times more precise than standard optical;For stable, stress-free PC operation;USB & PS/2 compatible; compatible with Windows;Resolution: 1200 dpi; 3000 fps.
D6625220	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.PRODUCT FEATURES:Bringing cutting edge technology to the masses with laser technology;20 times more precise than standard optical;For stable, stress-free PC operation;USB & PS/2 compatible; compatible with Windows;Resolution: 1200 dpi; 3000 fps.
D6625221	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.PRODUCT FEATURES:RF wireless technology;Mirror lens;USB compatible;USB receiver can be conveniently stowed on the underside of the mouse.
D6625222	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.PRODUCT FEATURES:RF wireless technology;Mirror lens;USB compatible;USB receiver can be conveniently stowed on the underside of the mouse.
D6630364	Ideal for users who required a high powered workstation, the P5K WS from ASUS utilizes the P35 chipset from Intel, and many of ASUS's unique features such as Precision Tweaker, AI Gear2 and a multi-language BIOS.
D6630365	With Quad PCI-E graphics, the ASUS P5K64 WS is a solid foundation for any workstation system. Powered by the P35 chipset from Intel and offering Quad Core support, the P5K64 WS offers the perfect solution.
D6630777	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specs, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.This memory module is designed for ASUS/ ASmobile P5K3 Deluxe/ WiFi-AP Motherboard.
D6630778	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specs, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.This memory module is designed for ASUS/ ASmobile P5K3 Deluxe/ WiFi-AP Motherboard.
D6632729	SPOS G86-61411 is a multifunctional, fully programmable USB keyboard with enhanced alphanumeric key layout. It has an option for magnetic stripe reader and/or touchpad. The keyboard is designed for professional commercial use, e.g. in POS, and for all other applications requiring maximal space efficiency with uncompromised data entry.
D6634289	Versatile, yet easy to use, simply plug into any USB port then drag and drop your folders and files. Seen as the 'entry level' version to its companion, the Hi-Speed Store'n'Go Professional product, the Hi-Speed USB 2.0 Drive product provides write speeds of up to 1MB per second and read speeds of up to 3MB per second.
D6635567	The innovative shape of the keyboard and mouse encourage a more natural hand, wrist, and forearm posture. Don't overlook the importance of using an ergonomic desktop - it is an important part of making your time on the computer more comfortable and more productive.
D6635862	Enjoy image-perfect detail and clarity on your notebook. Carl Zeiss optics and autofocus keep images razor-sharp, even in extreme close-ups.
D6637009	SATA native command queuingSupports staggered spin upHot-plug capabilityDevice-initiated power managementATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantATA automatic acoustic management feature setAsynchronous signal loss notificationPMR technologyFlying-on-Demand technologyNoiseGuard and SilentSeek noise suppression
D6637903	The Run'N'Drive is designed to enable gamers to shine in multi-event games, FPS, flight simulators as well as racing games - an array of challenges that is to gaming what running, cycling and swimming are to the triathlon! The Run 'N' Drive's leitmotiv is to enable gamers to play more efficiently, regardless of the gaming arena.The Optical Wheel is the Run'N'Drive's signature feature. Fitted with an optical sensor it offers spot on precision: Flawless curves on racing tracks, highly progressive zooming for sniping assignments in FPS missions, awesome aerial stunts and tricks in flight simulations... in short it feels like the real deal! In addition the Optical Wheel can be configured to meet the players' requirements with 2 sensitivity modes.The Mapping Feature enables players to switch all buttons, triggers, mini-sticks and Optical Wheel functions to suit their individual needs. Thanks to the exclusive technology (patent pending) gamers have the flexibility to apply their favorite gaming configuration to their Run'N'Drive 3 in 1 to make the most of every type of game. You simply save the configuration in the game pad's internal memory. If you want to retain the last configuration the pad remembers the last saved configuration automatically this even if you disconnect. You can keep them changing and adapting as often as you wish.The Optical Wheel and mapping Feature both ensure that the player gains all the competitive advantages to be victorious!This 7 axis gamepad features 2 Curved Triggers with an 8mm stroke for unrivaled progressiveness and precision. A gamepad which has been ergonomically designed and is comfortable to hold even for lengthy bouts of gameplay. Chosen by a panel of game enthusiasts!
D6640130	Elecom is a leading manufacturer and distributor of computer related products. Elecom develops and supplies a broad range of computer related products that are essential to IT and PC environments found in offices, schools, SOHO, and homes. In recent years, Elecom has established a unique position in the industry as an "IT lifestyle design company" and has been introducing a wide variety of products to the marketplace.PRODUCT FEATURES:RF wireless technology;Mirror lens;USB compatible;USB receiver can be conveniently stowed on the underside of the mouse.
D6640156	techsolo is a manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer periphery devices. techsolo products are characterized by good quality and high functionality with an excellent price-performance ratio. The company steadily improves its products to customers' wishes and need.PRODUCT FEATURES:10 action buttons;2 analog sticks;One digital pad;Dual shock function (vibration).
D6640610	The EF400mm f/4 DO IS USM is the world's first super telephoto lens incorporating the exclusive Canon-developed multi-layer diffractive optical element for camera lenses. The optical element, which incorporates light diffraction, is a major technological breakthrough, and it features an exceeding ability to correct chromatic and spherical aberrations and render high-quality images. By including this optical element in the lens design, the lens has achieved tremendous savings of 26% in overall length and 36% in weight compared to comparable lenses incorporating only conventional refractive optical elements. Moreover, the size and weight advantage comes at no cost to image quality, with the EF400mm f/4 DO IS USM delivering performance equivalent to conventional models in its class.
D6647873	With a stylish, relaxed and lightweight design, the Targus RS Vertical Messenger is an ideal case solution for students and young professionals. The case is designed to carry and protect notebooks with screens up to 15.4". The case features an integrated file section for all your documents, plus a large zip up pocket with plenty of storage space for mobile accessories. Also features a large slip pocket on the back of the case for instant access to those essential papers.
D6647883	Stay cool with Logitech's Digital Precision PC Gaming Headset. The cushioned headset fits behind the head and features a unique open-air design that keeps your ears cool and comfortable over extended gaming sessions.Take advantage of pure digital audio with the included plug-and-play USB adapter, or connect the dual analog 3.5 mm jacks to your favorite soundcard. A noise-canceling microphone puts the focus on your voice by reducing background chatter, and the in-line volume and mute controls give you instant access to audio adjustments in the heat of the action.
D6648822	PRODUCT FEATURES:Serial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportImproved recording stability over temperature with PMRAdvanced dynamic FOD control for best data integrityIntelligent compensation of external disturbanceSATA native command queuing featureDevice initiated SATA power managementStaggered spin-up supportEnvironment friendly product with RoHS complianceImproved performance with dual-ARM based firmwareATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantATA automatic acoustic management featureATA 48-bit address featureATA device configuration overlay featureNoiseGuardSilentSeek
D6648823	The Samsung Spinpoint F1 is the first three-disk hard drive delivering a sophisticated recording technology. With its compact, lightweight package and advanced design, the F1 drive offers many advantages for high-density applications compared to using two 500GB drives or a four- or five-disk solution. The Samsung Spinpoint F1 drive offers a superior combination of density, recording quality and reliability.
D6649294	techsolo is a manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer periphery devices. techsolo products are characterized by good quality and high functionality with an excellent price-performance ratio. The company steadily improves its products to customers' wishes and need.
D6649305	This 300Mbps Wireless N USB 2.0 Adapter allows you to connect wirelessly with supercharged speed, range and reliability. Wireless speeds increase up to 300Mbps when connecting to TRENDnet Wireless N access points or wireless routers. This 802.11n device seamlessly connects to your wireless network without performance degradation.
D6651556	AMD Sempron processors for desktop and mobile products offer best in class performance, compatibility with all the applications you need, and the reliability of AMD processors.
D6651557	AMD Sempron processors for desktop and mobile products offer best in class performance, compatibility with all the applications you need, and the reliability of AMD processors.
D6651804	Enjoy image-perfect detail and clarity. Carl Zeiss optics and Autofocus keep images razor-sharp, even in extreme close-ups.
D6651810	The ClearChat Pro USB is a high-performance digital audio for PC calling, music, and gaming.PRODUCT FEATURES:Rotating, noise-cancelling microphone - reduces background noise for clear conversation and voice commands;Allows precise positioning. Microphone rotates out of the way when you're listening to music or watching a movie;Microphone emits soft, red glow when muted;Quick-access audio controls on the headset: Instantly adjust the volume or mute the microphone;Experience premium sound clarity with the simplicity of a single USB, plug-and-play connection.
D6651811	Extend your comfort with a padded headband and ear pads. A rotating, noise-canceling microphone reduces background chatter, and convenient in-line volume and mute controls let you adjust audio on the fly.
D6652351	Connect the Xmod Wireless transmitter to your PC and desktop speakers to enjoy Xtreme Fidelity music.PRODUCT FEATURES:Play music from your PC wirelessly in any room;Make your MP3s sound better than CDs;Connect in seconds - no configuration needed.
D6653774	Enjoy superior comfort, clarity and design with the Logitech Vantage USB Headset for PLAYSTATION 3. Digital USB audio and noise-canceling microphone provide crystal-clear sound and high-quality voice input.
D6659807	The three cornerstones of Cooler Master's business philosophy are innovation, speed, and customer satisfaction. It has been Cooler Master's steadfast commitment to these values and ability to fulfill its promise to honor them that accounts for its sustained record of growth and the many long-term customers it has accumulated. Together, innovation, speed, and customer satisfaction ensure that Cooler Master is the supplier that the companies around the world rely on to deliver the best solutions.PRODUCT FEATURES:Complete cooling solution;Universal design;Silent operation.
D6665006	Maxtor DiamondMax 21 hard drive continues the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. The DiamondMax family of hard drives provides a value solution for applications that require a balance of the most popular capacities, basic performance and reliability.DiamondMax 21 drive is ideal for entry and mainstream, home and office PC applications and an excellent solution for integrators and system builders.
D6667274	techsolo is a manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer periphery devices. techsolo products are characterized by good quality and high functionality with an excellent price-performance ratio. The company steadily improves its products to customers' wishes and need.
D6670949	Introducing the NZXT HU-001, a chassis designed from grounds up to be quiet while having ample cooling. Game and work without all the noise, thanks to the sound dampening foam that is used on the top, side, and bottom panels of the case. Worried about cooling? Not to worry, the HU-001 is equipped with two 120mm fans running at low speeds while still achieving high levels of air flow. High end gaming requires faster hard drives and power supplies, so we've installed rubber padding near fans and hard drives to further reduce the sound level. The HU-001 also ships with USB 2.0, Firewire, and HD audio support. Bring more silence to your gaming experience with HU-001.
D6671056	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6671057	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.
D6671058	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Built-in PS/2 to USB converter;Requires no external power supply;Compatible with USB 1.1/2.0 specification;Supports UHCI, OHCI, & EHCI USB controller.
D6671118	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.
D6671852	Complying with IEEE 802.11g, the TL-WN650G adopts TP-LINK Super G and Extended Range WLAN transmission technologies, resulting in transmission speeds of up to 108M, transmission distance is 2-3 times that of the normal 11b, 11g products, transmission range extended to 4-9 times. The TL-WN650G provides multi security protection. Complying with 64/128/152-bit WEP Encryption, WPA, IEEE 802.1X, TKIP and AES, the TL-WN650G has super-safety data communication abilities. With its strong firewall, the TL-WN650G features effective security to protect the wireless network from intruders. With the external antenna, the TL-WN650G can fit different operation environments and let the user connect to the Wireless network easily. The TL-WN650G also supports Seamless Roaming and is compatible with other 11b, 11g WLAN equipments.
D6671853	The TL-WN660G 108Mbps Wireless Network Mini PCI Adapter is fully compatible with IEEE 802.11b and IEEE 802.11g standard. Its auto-sensing capability allows high packet transfer rates of up to 108Mbps for maximum throughput, or dynamic range shifting to lower speeds due to distance or operating limitations in an environment with a lot of electromagnetic interference. It can also interoperate with all the 11Mbps wireless (802.11b) products. Your wireless communications are protected by WPA/WPA2 encryption for high security.
D6671855	The TL-WN550G provides multi security protection. Complying with 64/128/152-bit WEP Encryption, WPA/WPA2, IEEE 802.1X, TKIP and AES, the TL-WN550G has super-safety data communication ability. With its strong firewall, the TL-WN550G features effective security to protect the wireless network from intruders.With the external antenna, the TL-WN550G can adapt to different operational environments and let the user connect to the Wireless network easily. The TL-WN550G also supports Seamless Roaming and is compatible with other 11b, 11g WLAN equipment.
D6671856	The TL-WN551G provides multi security protection. Complying with 64/128/152-bit WEP Encryption, WPA/WPA2, IEEE 802.1X, TKIP and AES, the TL-WN551G has super-safety data communication ability. With its strong firewall, the TL-WN551G features effective security to protect the wireless network from intruders.With the external antenna, the TL-WN551G can adapt to different operational environments and let the user connect to the Wireless network easily. The TL-WN551G also supports Seamless Roaming and is compatible with other 11b, 11g WLAN equipment.
D6671858	Complying with IEEE802.11g, TL-WN310G can easily connect your laptop to your access point, wireless router or public WiFi hotspot. It is backward compatible with IEEE802.11b.TL-WN310G provides an always-protected wireless network with standards-based security features: WPA/WPA2, IEEE802.1X, 64/128/152-bit WEP. With these enhanced security features, you can encrypt your data and only allow authorized users to access the wireless network so as to further protect your wireless communication from intruders.TL-WN310G includes a TP-LINK Wireless Client Utility to detect available wireless networks for quick connection and to create and save detailed connectivity profiles for different accessed networks. The TP-LINK Wireless Client Utility also provides a number of tools to display current diagnostics and status information so that you can easily check out the problem and solve it.Offering great wireless performance and total network security, the TP-Link 54M wireless cardbus Adapter (TL-WN310G) is an excellent choice for adding wireless connectivity to your desktop or notebook PC.
D6671859	The TP-LINK TL-WN321G Wireless USB Adapter gives you the flexibility to install the PC or notebook PC in the most convenient location available, without the cost of running network cables. Its auto-sensing capability allows high packet transfer up to 54Mbps for maximum throughput, or dynamic range shifting to lower speeds due to distance or operating limitations in an environment with a lot of electromagnetic interference. It can also interoperate with all the 11Mbps wireless (802.11b) products. Your wireless communications are protected by up to 128-bit encryption, so your data stays secure.
D6671860	The TP-LINK TL-WN322G Wireless USB Adapter gives you the flexibility to install the PC or notebook PC in the most convenient location available, without the cost of running network cables.Its auto-sensing capability allows high packet transfer up to 54Mbps for maximum throughput, or dynamic range shifting to lower speeds due to distance or operating limitations in an environment with a lot of electromagnetic interference. It can also interoperate with all the 11Mbps wireless (802.11b) products. Your wireless communications are protected by up to 256-bit encryption, so your data stays secure.Additionally, TL-WN322G supports AP Client Mode, which supports PSP connection, brings you joyful online-gaming experience.
D6671869	TG-3269 is a 10/100/1000Mbps, 32-bit 33/66MHz PCI-bus Gigabit Ethernet adapter. With single UTP/STP and the Auto-Negotiation (Nway) function support, the Card can auto-negotiate 10Mbps, 100Mbps or 1000Mbps speed, and half or full duplex mode with its link partner (a hub, for example). Supports ACPI, compliant with PCI2.2. Full range of drivers are provided for major Operating Systems.
D6671872	The TP-LINK TF-3239DL Fast Ethernet Adapter is a highly integrated and cost-effective Fast Ethernet Adapter that provides 32-bit performance, PCI bus controller, and full compliance with IEEE 802.3 10Base-T, IEEE 802.3u 100Base-TX specifications and IEEE 802.3x Full Duplex Flow.TF-3239DL keeps low cost and eliminates usage barriers. It is the easiest way to upgrade a network from 10 to 100Mbps. Supports both 10Mbps and 100Mbps network speed both in Half-Duplex and Full-Duplex transfer modes, using Auto-Negotiation technology to detect the network speed. It also can be widely used in most modern Operating System. For Windows Me/2000/2003/XP integrates the right driver, TF-3239DL is really a plug-and-play device.
D6671873	The TF-5239 is a 10/100Mbps Fast Ethernet 32-bit CardBus adapter for notebooks. With the built-in connector, a RJ-45 LAN cable can be directly plugged into a notebook computer. The TF-5239 provides instant connectivity for mobile users. Enabling easy access to a network - users can access databases and resources in diverse environments.
D6671874	TM-IP5600 3.0 is a 56k Data/Fax soft Modem which is support to ITU T V.92. It adopted the technology of Motorola Modem, and TP-Link optimizes it based on the condition of China. This Modem can be used in the following Operating System: Windows98, Windows ME, Windows NT, Windows 2000 Windows XP and Linux. And you can operation this Modem by using Hyper Terminal. This Modem can prevent surge-damaged, and it have get the authentication of China Compulsory Certification (3C), FCC and CE, you can use it safety and stably.
D6672273	ASUS - Innovative Solutions for a Limitless Tomorrow. ASUS is devoted to providing leading-edge technologies, and best-value solutions of the highest quality to all its customers. ASUS provides innovative technology solutions to consumer, corporate and top-tier OEM customers.PRODUCT FEATURES:Side venting holes with air duct;Unique venting holes for add-on cards;2 front fans and 2 rear fans support with speed control;Friendly Mechanical Design;Folded edge interior;Injury-proofed ODD bracket and folded mental edge;Thumbscrews of side panel;Full EMI tested with emboss design;Great internal HDD capacity and PCI expansion;2 front USB supported.
D6672348	Creative's Sound Blaster X-Fi Xtreme Audio Notebook brings your MP3 music and movies to life! Compatible with the ExpressCard format, it is a great choice for the notebooks. It features award-winning X-Fi technologies including X-Fi Crystalizer, which restores the details and vibrance lost during compression to MP3 and DivX, breathing life back into any audio, and X-Fi CMSS-3D, which expands stereo music and movie soundtracks into amazing surround, even over headphones. Experience your notebook audio like never before when combined with PowerDVD for Dolby and DTS movies, or with EAX and OpenAL in games. This ExpressCard upgrade also features analog and digital connectivity plus the option to upgrade to 5.1/7.1 surround via the optional docking module.
D6673877	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:100% pure copper heatsink with aerodynamically optimized "tunnel" design for high performance cooling;Patented curved heatpipe design for heat transfer performance of up to 4 heatpipes using just 2;Ultra-thin 0.2mm fins for minimized weight and significantly reduced airflow resistance;The 110mm fan inside the heatsink cools not only the CPU, but the VGA card, Northbridge, FET, and RAM as well;Does not generate noise or vibration in Silent Mode;The adjustable fan speed controller (Fan Mate 2) enables control of noise and fan performance.
D6675017	You've trusted Kingston's DataTraveler with your most important files. Now Kingston proudly introduces the sleek and capless DataTraveler 100. It holds all your documents in an affordable, convenient device and helps budget-conscious users break storage barriers, allowing them to easily store and move large files in a device no bigger than a pocketknife.DataTraveler 100 was built with simplicity in mind, allowing you to focus on your data. The USB connector is safely housed inside the sleek case, so you don't have to worry about losing a cap. DataTraveler gives you plenty of room to hold just about any document, from term papers and theses to digital images, spreadsheets or other important documents.
D6675019	You've trusted Kingston's DataTraveler with your most important files. Now Kingston proudly introduces the sleek and capless DataTraveler 100. It holds all your documents in an affordable, convenient device and helps budget-conscious users break storage barriers, allowing them to easily store and move large files in a device no bigger than a pocketknife.DataTraveler 100 was built with simplicity in mind, allowing you to focus on your data. The USB connector is safely housed inside the sleek case, so you don't have to worry about losing a cap. DataTraveler 100 is available in capacities up to 8GB to give you plenty of room to hold just about any document, from term papers and theses to digital images, spreadsheets or other important documents.
D6676188	Explore your new media universe with a state-of-the-art mouse that's effortless to use - on your desk or in the air. On your desk, advanced laser technology gives you precise tracking and instant response. In the air, innovative Freespace motion sensing transforms hand motions into natural, responsive cursor controls. Sit back and listen to music, browse photos, or surf the Web - from your desk or across the room. The MX Air mouse is the perfect complement to your PC-based entertainment experience.
D6676192	From the moment you plug it in, the Logitech Classic Keyboard 200 delivers excellent performance, a comfortable feel, and unmatched durability. The compact, elegant design looks outstanding on any desk, and saves space as well - overall, an unbeatable value!
D6676195	With the corded G9 mouse, gamers can enjoy interchangeable grips, on-the-fly dpi switching ranging from 200 dpi to 3200 dpi, full-speed USB laser tracking, an onboard-memory profiling system, weight tuning, a custom-color LED and the hyper-fast MicroGear Precision Scroll Wheel, which was introduced last year and is exclusive to Logitech.To help gamers get the best fit, the Logitech G9 mouse features a wealth of customizable features, including two interchangeable grips: Wide-Load grip and Precision grip. Designed to deliver comfort even during the longest gaming sessions, the Wide-Load grip provides a fuller shape and soft-touch, satin feel, while the Precision grip's DryGrip technology and compact shape offer fingertip control and a surer handle for any hand.For an even more comfortable feel, the G9 mouse allows for customized weight tuning and weight distribution. The innovative weight-tuning system enables gamers to choose from among hundreds of weight settings by inserting up to four additional weights in the mouse's weight tray, adding up to a maximum of 28 grams. In total, gamers can choose from eight additional weights.Using the new Logitech SetPoint software, gamers can create a number of profiles for their mouse. And with the mouse's onboard memory, gamers can take their personalized settings anywhere - it's no longer necessary to install SetPoint software on the gaming rig every time a gamer changes computers. Instead, up to five profiles - including specified keyboard macros, dpi settings and LED color settings - can be stored on the mouse for on-the-go gaming.Unlike other gaming mice that offer a range of 400 dpi to 2000 dpi, the G9 mouse can be shifted on the fly to up to 3200 dpi for faster, more precise cursor movements, or down to as low as 200 dpi for games that require pixel-precise control. A full-speed USB connection delivers up to 1,000 reports per second for smooth tracking without cursor lagFinally, the G9 laser mouse features the MicroGear Precision Scroll Wheel. Using a toggle mechanism on the bottom of the mouse, gamers can choose between precise click-to-click scrolling that is perfect for weapon selection, or nearly frictionless hyper-fast scrolling.
D6676197	Simplify life on the road with the ultra-portable Logitech VX Nano Cordless Laser Mouse for Notebooks. It's always ready for use, thanks to the world's smallest USB receiver. Plug it into your notebook's USB port just once, and then forget about it.
D6676490	With the wonderful ability to display text in bright colors and in great detail, VFD (Vacuum Fluorescent Display) is a must have item for enthusiasts looking to personalize their computer. Unfortunately many VFD solutions require time consuming modifications that leave only the most experienced to enjoy this technology. But thanks to the introduction of FP54, VFD is now as easy to add as any ordinary CD-ROM drive!
D6676502	PP03 was created for users who wish to utilize the powerful Strider ST60F, ST75F, and ST85F in their smaller cases or systems without the added clutter of long cables. This cable set can also be used by any current ST60F, ST75F, ST85F owner who wishes to have a greater choice in the length of connections for their various components.This package includes: 1 x 20+4pin ATX adapter (350mm), 1 x EPS12V 8pin connector (350mm), 1 x ATX12V 4pin connector (350mm), 1 x AUX 6pin connector (350mm), 2 x PCI-E 6pin connector (350mm & 300mm), 1 x four (4) SATA connectors (300+100mm & 250+100mm), 2 x two (2) 4pin connectors (300+100mm & 250+100mm), 2 x two (2) 4pin + floppy connectors (300+100+100mm & 250+100+100mm).
D6676506	With continuous combined +12V output of 64A, the 850W addition to SilverStone's Strider family has all that is capable of running a high-end system. Housed in the same environmentally friendly casing as the ST 75F, with 100% modular cable system and high quality cable bag, this power supply package is not only more advanced; it is also a cinch to manage. Cooled with a bigger and quieter 135mm fan, the ST 85F is an awesome all around power supply that delivers performance, optimal efficiency, and superior user comfort in its class!
D6676516	As SilverStone's first liquid cooling system, the Tundra TD01 is the first of its kind in the world. Using the enclosure's exterior frame as the radiator gives the TD 01 a tremendous amount of surface area in which to conduct heat exchange with the surrounding air without any use of fans, making this liquid cooling system perfect for low noise computing. And to be sure this spectacular patented (pending) technology can be appreciated in home theater environments and other areas where the TD01 is most needed, the styling and finish were fine-tuned to levels rivaling world-class audio components. If you thought liquid cooling in HTPC was not possible before due to integration issues such as size, noise, use of fans, or visual harmony, the TD01 will change all of that and offer a compelling reason to finally make the transition.
D6676755	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D6676757	Since its inception, Acer has evolved from a manufacturing powerhouse to a globally recognized computer brand, marketing world-class IT products and services. Acer's complete range of IT products is designed to enhance work efficiency and quality of life, while granting an easy, hassle-free user experience.
D6680173	Imagine a laser printer so professional you never give its performance a doubt. The Samsung ML-4550 series elevates your heavy printing environments with fast speed, duplex print speed, and hard disk solution.Samsung ML-4550 series is designed with your business in mind and intended to keep you working with fast printing speed. It features the highest monthly duty cycle in its class, a large toner capacity with the toner save function, and a large paper capacity.Lasers are synonymous with speed and the Samsung ML-4550 series exceeds expectations. Make your work more reliable with the incredible printout speed of 43 ppm!Fast, productive output depends on processing speed and adequate memory. With a 500 MHz processor and 128 MB memory expandable to 512 MB, this printer performs efficiently under a variety of circumstances.The ML-4550 series features high performance printers with huge monthly duty cycles up to 200,000 sheets. You can meet heavy printing requirements of medium office.ML-4550 series offers network-printing capabilities to easily connect your workplace, including an Ethernet interface capable of being cabled directly into your network.Toner Save Mode reduces toner consumption about 30%, giving you more printing pages per toner cartridge. You can reduce your budget by simply pressing a button or by controlling your driver. Printouts are slightly lighter with the same resolution.
D6680901	The HL-4040CN offers fast, brilliant color printing for your desktop or small office. Delivering outstanding print quality, the HL-4040CN makes it easy to produce high-impact color reports, brochures, and presentations right from your desktop, or, using its built-in front-panel USB Direct Interface, directly from a USB Flash Memory drive. And to keep your running cost low, this printer also features high capacity in-box and replacement toner cartridges.
D6681364	AMD Sempron processors for desktop and mobile products offer best in class performance, compatibility with all the applications you need, and the reliability of AMD processors.
D6684725	The RP-TNC to RP-SMA adapter is designed to connect an external antenna with a RP-SMA female connector to any 2.4GHz 802.11b/g and 5.8GHz 802.11a wireless device. It is easy to install and no configuration or software is required. This device opens the door to variety of TRENDnet Antenna solutions.
D6686734	The ML-4551N is Samsung's fastest mono laser printer. The printer takes care of all printing jobs, heavy or light, in a jiffy. Enjoy the timesaving properties of its remarkable speed and boost your office's productivity. Especially when time is of the essence, this printer delivers.The performance factor of the ML-4551N is one of the compelling reasons to make this one of the mainstays of your office. The printer is more powerful than your ordinary model and offers invaluable features and functions, a peerless choice.This printer gains its power from its 500 MHz CPU, enabling the best performance under all circumstances. The system memory is also expandable. The combination of Samsung's microprocessor and exceptionally high memory capacity enables the printer to obtain optimal performance in the most demanding work environments.The printer supports a wide range of operating systems and interfaces to make it one of the most versatile and adaptable printers on the market. Whether you use Windows, Mac or Linux, the printer is compatible across almost all software platforms in use. It supports USB 2.0, Parallel and Wired Network.For multiple workgroups in a networked environment, this network-ready printer will prove to be essential. The ML-4551N is ideal for a corporate environment with several functioning departments and numerous users to access the printer's functions, and to feel fully connected. Enjoy the easy and problem-free network-enabled solutions offered by the ML-4551N.
D6687207	Increase your notebook possibilities with the Logitech 4-Port USB Hub for Notebooks. Transfer large files faster - at speeds up to 480 Mbps.
D6687208	The Logitech KINETIK 15.4 Briefcase protects your notebook with a lightweight exo-shell casing and padded sleeve. Expanding compartments provide easy access to your notebook and other assets. Additional cargo bays and convenience pockets supply structured storage for the rest of your valuables.
D6687209	The Logitech KINETIK 15.4 Backpack maximizes notebook protection with a lightweight exo-shell casing and padded sleeve. The contoured back panel provides the extra support and comfort you need for extended travel. Expanding compartments provide easy access to your notebook and other assets. Additional cargo bays and convenience pockets supply structured storage for the rest of your valuables.
D6687220	Symantec's pcAnywhere is the world's leading remote control solution. Now it can manage both Windows and Linux systems. Enhanced video performance and built-in AES 256-bit encryption help make communications fast and secure. Use your Microsoft Pocket PC device to access a pcAnywhere host wirelessly when you're on the go. pcAnywhere also features powerful file-transfer capabilities.Host & Remote licensing allows two-way communication, allowing the computer to remotely control, or be remotely controlled by other computers running pcAnywhere. Connections can take place via modem, network, Internet, or direct cable connection.
D6689098	The ProLite P1704S fits the growing need for protected LCD's within education, retail and industrial applications. The toughened safety glass fitted behind the bezel offers 8H hardness rating capable of resisting above normal pressure or impact to the display. Iiyama still adopt a high-performance LCD panel offering a nimble 5ms response time for gaming, animations and video and a 1000:1 contrast ratio enhancing color performance to a new level within this category. Inputs include the usual analog but also include DVI for future proofing during PC refreshing.
D6689349	The PP04 kit is a two cable package that will help extend any ATX power supply's ATX and +12V power connectors. These are useful for system with large case or motherboards with difficult to reach plugs. Included 24pin to 20 + 4pin cable can also act as an adapter for 24pin power supply connecting to a 20pin motherboard.
D6692637	Built for comfort, the Logitech V220 Cordless Optical Mouse for Notebooks features an ergonomic design with soft rubber grips. A convenient mini-receiver snaps into the mouse for easy transport.
D6692638	Built for comfort, the Logitech V220 Cordless Optical Mouse for Notebooks features an ergonomic design with soft rubber grips. A convenient mini-receiver snaps into the mouse for easy transport.
D6692647	Logitech V470 Cordless Laser Mouse for Notebooks with Bluetooth Technology allows people to connect directly to Bluetooth-enabled MacBook computers or Windows-based notebook PCs - without an external receiver. The V470 mouse features Bluetooth 1.2 wireless technology and laser tracking. And with its Side-to-Side Scrolling Plus Zoom, people can instantly zoom in and out, or scroll horizontally or vertically with ease.
D6692648	Logitech V470 Cordless Laser Mouse for Notebooks with Bluetooth Technology allows people to connect directly to Bluetooth-enabled MacBook computers or Windows-based notebook PCs - without an external receiver. The V470 mouse features Bluetooth 1.2 wireless technology and laser tracking. And with its Side-to-Side Scrolling Plus Zoom, people can instantly zoom in and out, or scroll horizontally or vertically with ease.
D6692690	Elite 331 features superior thermal solution and easy installation. The meshed front panel forms the succinct appearance. Just as its name - Elite 331, it is presented to those people who would like to start holding high-quality products in their arms. Undoubtedly, it would be pity for you to miss it.
D6692847	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compliant to USB 2.0 specification;Supports USB High Speed 480Mbps und Full Speed 12Mbps;Supports Media Copy and Hot-Swap;Supports Hot-Plug, PnP;Supports following memory cards: Compact Flash (CF) series, Memory Stick (MS) series, Smart Media (SM) series, Secure Digital (SD), T-Flash series;Bus powered;USB connection cable included.
D6692848	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 2.0 and USB 1.1 compatible;7 x USB A, female (USB 1.1 and 2.0 devices);Maximum data transfer rate 480 Mbps (USB 2.0);Over current protection on all outputs;"Hot-plug" and "PnP" compatible;Additional USB cable and power supply included;Plastic housing with aluminum design.
D6692850	The most complete, full featured and all-in-one network camera system. Ideal for all purposes of remote surveillance and security applications.PRODUCT FEATURES:Video recording and image capturing over the LAN network and Internet;IR LED illumination for night vision and low light capability;High sensitivity microphone for audio transmission;SD-Card slot for image storage;TV-out / video connector for using with analog video equipment like VCR;Powerful motion detection - trigger setting to Email / FTP / SD-Card;Integrated webserver supports standalone operation with direct Internet connection;Protocol support for Mail- / FTP- / DDNS- / DHCP- / NTP-Server;PPPoE protocol support for direct ADSL modem connection;Resolution up to 640 x 480 pixel at up to 15 fps;¼" CMOS high quality image sensor;Lens with F2,8 and 54 degrees viewing angle;Focus from 30 mm to infinity;Automatic exposure and white balance;JPEG image compression, 4 x digital zoom;1 x RJ45 10/100 Mbps network connector;Power and LAN activity LEDs / Reset button.
D6692851	The most complete, full featured and all-in-one network camera system with motorized pan & tilt function. Ideal for all purposes of remote surveillance and security applications.
D6693927	This WD Caviar Blue hard drive ensures a cool-running, quiet operation, and superior performance for desktop and business applications.
D6694274	The Shuttle XPC Barebone SG33G5 is Vista-ready and incorporates Intel GMA 3100 GPU with HDMI output that easily connects it to most recent TVs and flat screens. To play HD content, it supports HDCP digital rights management technology. Being designed to run multiple applications at once, the Shuttle XPC Barebone SG33G5 is home to blazingly fast Intel Core 2 Duo processors and manages up to 4GB of DDR2-800 RAM. As this wasn't fast enough, it allows advanced BIOS adjustments for CPU clock frequency and voltage. Built-in Dolby Digital Live and DTS connect make the Shuttle XPC Barebone SG33G5 the ideal platform for thrilling 3D games and exciting films. Exchange data swiftly - the Gigabit-LAN interface makes it possible, no matter if it's in your home or office environment.
D6694768	LC-Power belongs to a professional power service group, engaged in developing, designing, manufacturing and selling all kinds of switching power supplies and power supply systems. LC-Power is one of the largest manufacturers of PC accessories.
D6694769	LC-Power belongs to a professional power service group, engaged in developing, designing, manufacturing and selling all kinds of switching power supplies and power supply systems. LC-Power is one of the largest manufacturers of PC accessories.
D6694770	LC-Power belongs to a professional power service group, engaged in developing, designing, manufacturing and selling all kinds of switching power supplies and power supply systems. LC-Power is one of the largest manufacturers of PC accessories.
D6694837	After SilverStone engineers have carefully thought through and redesigned from scratch in trying to come up with another SUGO enclosure that will not only surpass SG01 but also wows computer enthusiasts of all level. The small size of SG03 is designed to be use in many environments; its shortened depth provides an excellent advantage in cooling with the aid of two large 12cm fans possible in front, or just install one and have the flexibility of moving the fan to a position that will fits user's need, this gives SG03 the cooling potential that are usually seen in large enclosures. With additional expansion slots and reversible power supply unit installation design, on top of all the important features inherited from SG01, it makes SG03 a flagship SFF enclosure of the future.
D6699702	All sides of the GT1000 are comprised of aluminum material of 4~5mm thickness and have each been assembled by an engineer to provide a firm enclosure with noise and vibration preventions. Furthermore, the connection part for the HDD (Hard Disk Drive) is made of rubber rollers and dampers, which serve to capture the vibration and noise from escaping.The GT1000 enclosure is designed to maintain optimum internal temperature at all times, incorporating two 92mm LED Front Intake Fans and a 120mm Rear Exhaust Fan for high volume airflow through the system at low fan RPM for high performance cooling with quiet operation, and accommodates even the hottest CPUs that generate over 130watts of heat.The latest high-performance HDDs have high generation of heat due to high RPM. The two 92mm LED Front Intake Fans draw in cool air from the outside into the system. As HDD is the first component to be cooled by this cool air, the decrease in the product's life expectancy and the occurrence of data error caused by high heat are minimized.The side panel is designed to be opened with a one-touch opening door method. Thus, the side panel can be opened without the use of any special tools, which makes it convenient for users who have frequent component changes.Unlike typical cases that only incorporate a thin aluminum facade front cover, the entire GT1000 enclosure incorporates firm 4-5mm thick anodized pure aluminum panels that prevent system vibration, reinforce system cooling by dissipating internal heat, and provide the highest in aesthetic quality.The three LED fans with altering brightness depending on the fan's RPM provide greater aesthetic quality.A transparent window has been installed on the side panel to provide excellent aesthetics as well as to allow the user to be able to view the diverse components installed inside the system. Especially for the users who favor system tuning, various LEDs can be used inside the system to create a unique system according to the user's preference.All connecting bolts and cardholder are plated or colored to provide an elegant image as well as to provide a semi-permanent corrosion prevention.
D6699703	All sides of the GT1000 are comprised of aluminum material of 4~5mm thickness and have each been assembled by an engineer to provide a firm enclosure with noise and vibration preventions. Furthermore, the connection part for the HDD (Hard Disk Drive) is made of rubber rollers and dampers, which serve to capture the vibration and noise from escaping.The GT1000 enclosure is designed to maintain optimum internal temperature at all times, incorporating two 92mm LED Front Intake Fans and a 120mm Rear Exhaust Fan for high volume airflow through the system at low fan RPM for high performance cooling with quiet operation, and accommodates even the hottest CPUs that generate over 130watts of heat.The latest high-performance HDDs have high generation of heat due to high RPM. The two 92mm LED Front Intake Fans draw in cool air from the outside into the system. As HDD is the first component to be cooled by this cool air, the decrease in the product's life expectancy and the occurrence of data error caused by high heat are minimized.The side panel is designed to be opened with a one-touch opening door method. Thus, the side panel can be opened without the use of any special tools, which makes it convenient for users who have frequent component changes.Unlike typical cases that only incorporate a thin aluminum facade front cover, the entire GT1000 enclosure incorporates firm 4-5mm thick anodized pure aluminum panels that prevent system vibration, reinforce system cooling by dissipating internal heat, and provide the highest in aesthetic quality.The three LED fans with altering brightness depending on the fan's RPM provide greater aesthetic quality.A transparent window has been installed on the side panel to provide excellent aesthetics as well as to allow the user to be able to view the diverse components installed inside the system. Especially for the users who favor system tuning, various LEDs can be used inside the system to create a unique system according to the user's preference.All connecting bolts and cardholder are plated or colored to provide an elegant image as well as to provide a semi-permanent corrosion prevention.
D6699704	Despite the fact that computers have become commonplace at home and at workplaces for a long time, true user friendliness of the computers is still a long shot. Zalman strives to make that goal a closer reality through extensive research and development of its products and will continue to put efforts to creating more enhanced levels of user friendliness in computing.PRODUCT FEATURES:Zalman's patented VFP (Variable Fin Profile) Fin Design maximizing cooling efficiency and dissipation surface area for excellent performance;Fanless (does not emit any noise and can be used semi-permanently);Three high-performance heatpipes providing maximized heat transfer;Thin aluminum fins providing minimized heatsink weight and preventing excessive force on the VGA card;Heatsink positioned above the VGA card optimizing cooling efficiency and allowing compatibility with SLI and CrossFire setups;VGA RAM heatsinks allowing the cooling of VGA RAM;Improved installation structure providing easy installation and broad compatibility.
D6699748	TL-SF1008D 8-port 10/100Mbps Fast Ethernet Switch provides 8 10/100Mbps Auto-Negotiation RJ45 ports. All ports support Auto MDI/MDIX function, eliminating the need for crossover cables or Uplink ports. The Switch is Plug-and-Play and each port can be used as general ports or Uplink ports and can be simply plugged into a server, a hub or a switch, using straight cable or crossover cable.The TP-LINK TL-SF1008D 8-port 10/100M Fast Ethernet Switch provides you with a low-cost, easy-to-use, high-performance, seamless and standard upgrade to improve your old network to a 100Mbps network. It will boost your network performance up to full duplex data transfer. Its wire-speed switching that forwards packets can be as fast as the speed that your network delivers those packets to them.
D6699749	The TL-SF1016 16-port 10/100Mbps Ethernet Switch is designed for SOHO (Small Office/Home Office) or workgroup users. The rack-mount size metal case design combined with a safety certified internal power supply make the Switch the most robust product which is very cost-effective for a less than 16 user environment. The plug-and-play and auto-negotiation capabilities allow the Switch to auto-detect its link partner (Ethernet adapter, for example) with the best speed. Each port provides full bandwidth (Maximum with 200Mbps in full duplex mode) without a traditional hub's collision phenomenon downgrading the performance. All ports can be the uplink (cascade) port, which is provided to link to another Switch for more ports expansion. Easy read LED indicators are supported for cable installation and normal operation diagnostics. The Switch can be used on desktop and rack-mount.
D6699750	TL-SF1024 24-port 10/100Mbps Ethernet Switch is designed for SOHO (Small Office/Home Office) or workgroup users. Rack-mount size metal case design combined with a safety certified internal power supply make the Switch the most robust product which is very cost-effective for less than 24 users environment. The plug-and-play and auto-negotiation capabilities allow the Switch to auto-detect its link partner (Ethernet adapter, for example) with the best speed. Each port provides full bandwidth (Maximum with 200Mbps in full duplex mode) without a traditional hub's collision phenomenon downgrading the performance. All ports can be the uplink (cascade) port, which is provided to link to another Switch for more ports expansion. Easy read LED indicators are supported for cable installation and normal operation diagnostics. The Switch can be used on desktop and rack-mount.
D6699751	The TL-SG1005D 5-port Gigabit Ethernet Switch provides you with a high-performance, low-cost, easy-to-use, seamless and standard upgrade to improve old network to 1000Mbps network. Increase the speed of your network server and backbone connections, or make Gigabit to the desktop a reality. Power users in the home, office, workgroup, or creative production environment can now move large, bandwidth-intensive files faster. Transfer graphics, CGI, CAD, or multimedia files and other applications that have to move large files across the network almost instantly.
D6699753	The TL-SG1008D 8-port Gigabit Ethernet Switch provides you with a high-performance, low-cost, easy-to-use, seamless and standard upgrade to improve old network to 1000Mbps network. Increase the speed of your network server and backbone connections, or make Gigabit to the desktop a reality. Power users in the home, office, workgroup, or creative production environment can now move large, bandwidth-intensive files faster. Transfer graphics, CGI, CAD, or multimedia files and other applications that have to move large files across the network almost instantly.
D6699754	The TL-WN620G provides multi security protection. Complying with 64/128/152-bit WEP Encryption, WPA/WPA2, IEEE 802.1X, TKIP and AES, the TL-WN620G has super-safety data communication abilities. With its strong firewall, the TL-WN620G features effective security to protect the wireless network from intruders.With the internal antenna, the TL-WN620G can fit different operational environments and let the user connect to the Wireless network easily. The TL-WN620G also supports Seamless Roaming and is compatible with other 11b, 11g WLAN equipments.
D6699755	Complying with IEEE 802.11g, the TL-WN651G adopts TP-LINK Super G and Extended Range WLAN transmission technologies, resulting in transmission speeds of up to 108M, transmission distance is 2-3 times that of the normal 11b, 11g products, transmission range extended to 4-9 times. The TL-WN651G provides multi security protection. Complying with 64/128/152-bit WEP Encryption, WPA/WPA2, IEEE 802.1X, TKIP and AES, the TL-WN651G has super-safety data communication abilities. With its strong firewall, the TL-WN651G features effective security to protect the wireless network from intruders. With the external antenna, the TL-WN651G can fit different operation environments and let the user connect to the Wireless network easily. The TL-WN651G also supports Seamless Roaming and is compatible with other 11b, 11g WLAN equipments.
D6699757	The TL-WR642G 108Mbps Wireless Router integrates firewall, NAT-router and Wireless AP. The design is dedicated to Small Office/Home Office (SOHO) Wireless network solution. The TL-WR642G 108Mbps Wireless Router will allow you to connect your network wirelessly better than ever, sharing Internet Access, files and fun, easily and securely.With the most attentive wireless security, the TL-WR642G 108Mbps Wireless Router provides multiple protection measures. It can be set to turn off wireless network name (SSID) broadcast so that only stations that have the SSID can be connected. The router provides wireless LAN 64/128/152-bit WEP encryption security, and WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK authentication and TKIP/AES encryption security. It also supports VPN pass-through for sensitive data secure transmission.The TL-WR642G 108Mbps Wireless Router complies with the IEEE 802.11g/b standards and adopts 108M Super G WLAN transmission technology so that data rate is up to 108Mbps. It adopts 2x to 3x eXtended Range WLAN transmission technology so that transmission distance is 2-3 times that of traditional 11g/b solutions, up to 855.36m tested in China. Transmission range is extended to 4-9 times. It is compatible with all IEEE 802.11g and IEEE 802.11b products.The TL-WR642G 108Mbps Wireless Router provides flexible access control so that parents or network administrators can establish restricted access policies for children or staff. It has built-in NAT and DHCP server supporting static IP address distributing. It also supports Virtual Server and DMZ host for Port Triggering needs, as well as remote management and log so that network administrators can manage and monitor the network on real time.The TL-WR642G 108Mbps Wireless Router is easy-to-manage. Quick Setup Wizard is supported and friendly help messages are provided for every step. So you can configure it quickly and share Internet access, files and fun.
D6699758	With 4 LAN ports, TL-R460 Multifunctional Broadband Router is especially designed for small enterprise, office and SOHO (Small Office/Home Office) to access the Internet. It features strong functions, high performance, and easy configuration router. The TL-R460 provides many management functions, including system, DHCP server, virtual server, DMZ host, firewall, and static routing table, additionally, it features much more advanced functions, such as Parental Control, IEEE 802.1X Authentication, UPnP, DDNS, VPN Pass-through and System Log and so on.The TL-R460 router provides flexible access control, limiting staff or children to browse selected sites. The TL-R460 router is also a smart helper. It connects to the Internet automatically on demand and disconnects when idle to save on network costs. It's easy to configure. Quick Setup Wizard is supported and friendly help pages are provided for every step also.
D6699759	TL-SF1005D 5-port 10/100Mbps Fast Ethernet Switch provides 5 10/100Mbps Auto-Negotiation RJ45 ports. All ports support Auto MDI/MDIX function, eliminating the need for crossover cables or Uplink ports. The Switch is Plug-and-Play and each port can be used as general ports or Uplink ports and can be simply plugged into a server, a hub or a switch, using straight cable or crossover cable.The TP-LINK TL-SF1005D 5-port 10/100M Fast Ethernet Switch provides you with a low-cost, easy-to-use, high-performance, seamless and standard upgrade to improve your old network to a 100Mbps network. It will boost your network performance up to full duplex data transfer. Its wire-speed switching that forwards packets can be as fast as the speed that your network delivers those packets to them.
D6700301	These advanced drives play original DVD's, as well as self burned DVD's without making a whisper. The stabilizing techniques considerably improve the playback quality. Solving flickering screens and malfunctions.
D6700306	Samsung exemplifies technological determination and progressive ideals. From technology to business to the philanthropy, Samsung has become a world leader for which the possibilities are truly endless.
D6701694	Seagate has a proven track record of consistently delivering reliable products in volume, and the new Barracuda 7200.11 family is no exception. Designed with up to four platters and the only second-generation perpendicular recording technology in the industry, the Barracuda 7200.11 drive offers the ideal balance of world-class technology and value, providing customers with an optimal overall solution.
D6702018	PRODUCT FEATURES:Universal design for nVIDIA and ATi VGA cardInnovative Dual-Orb patented designAll copper structure: copper base and copper Fin provided maximum cooling performanceScurve fan blade design and 6-LED lightsMaximum cooling efficiency for quietness
D6709188	This traditional looking slim line case is covered in nylon and designed to carry notebooks with screens up to 15.4". A simple file section and workstation are included, while a neoprene restraining strap ensures that your notebook is held securely inside the case. The simple workstation includes a small accessory pocket, business card holder and storage for CD/DVD's. Additionally there is more space so a power supply can be stored inside. Comfort carrying is addressed by the wrap around handles and removable shoulder strap.
D6709777	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Easily connect external SATA, SATAII hard disk with USB;No extra driver needed;Incl. USB extension cable, eSata to SATA and eSATA to eSATA cable.
D6709864	Digitus offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. Digitus is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Aluminium Design housing;Compliant with USB specification 2.0;4-Port Hub (OHCI / EHCI);Compact pocket size;All downstream facing ports can handle high-speed (480Mbps), full-speed (12 Mbps), and low-speed (1.5 Mbps) transmission;Supports Plug & Play and Hot Swap;Equipped with overcurrent detection and protection;LED status indicators;USB cable included.
D6709871	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Control two PCs with one USB keyboard, one USB mouse and one monitor;Simple installation: no additional software required;PC selection via hotkey;LED indicator for monitoring working status of PC and Audio;Excellent video quality-up to 2048 x 1536, @85HZ;Support DDC, DDC2, DDC2B, DDC2AB;Audio support;Hot plug and play;Keyboard and mouse emulation for faultless booting of the computer;Autoscan;No external power supply required;Integrated KVM cable for connection of two PCs.
D6713810	The RX300 Optical Mouse 3D offers a new level of maneuverability with Logitech's exclusive Tilt-Wheel technology. Most pointing devices come with a scroll wheel that only navigates vertically in documents and web pages. But with the RX300's enabled Tilt technology, users can now scroll left-to-right just as easily as they scroll up and down - no need to move their hands to use keyboard arrow keys. The Tilt-Wheel also offers zoom functionality; essential when working in large spreadsheets or documents.Mouse precision is further enhanced with 800 dpi resolution and a moderately arched profile which offers excellent comfort for most people - not too large, and not too small. The RX300 offers 32- and 64-bit drivers for maximum compatibility with current and future versions of Windows. It's the ideal mouse for performance-oriented PCs.
D6715880	Corsair built its reputation on performance memory that shines in the most demanding computing situations: extreme gaming and high-transaction processing environments. But not all computers are put to such extreme usage. So the company brought the same reliability, testing and Corsair quality to a Value Select line of memory designed to support standard computing situations such as popular office applications.
D6715885	The Twin3X2048-1333C9 is a 2048MByte matched pair of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR3-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR3 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1333MHz at low latencies of 9-9-9-24.
D6717943	Enjoy the special digital tone of the TL-2220. This 2.1 sound system was designed for everyone liking a nice design with a splendid sound. It has 40W RMS that it knows how to use. Just lean back and relax.
D6732728	The RX650 Cordless Optical Mouse offers customers the innovation, reliability and performance they need at a great value. The FastRF Cordless technology and improved optical engine with 1000 dpi resolution provide precise and smooth tracking. The Easy-scrolling and tilt wheel with its new grid design, facilitate vertical and horizontal scrolling, making it easy and comfortable to use. The plug-and-play wireless mini receiver allows users to take it everywhere they go.
D6732729	The RX300 Optical Mouse 3D offers a new level of maneuverability with Logitech's exclusive Tilt-Wheel technology. Most pointing devices come with a scroll wheel that only navigates vertically in documents and web pages. But with the RX300's enabled Tilt technology, users can now scroll left-to-right just as easily as they scroll up and down - no need to move their hands to use keyboard arrow keys. The Tilt-Wheel also offers zoom functionality; essential when working in large spreadsheets or documents.Mouse precision is further enhanced with 800 dpi resolution and a moderately arched profile which offers excellent comfort for most people - not too large, and not too small. The RX300 offers 32- and 64-bit drivers for maximum compatibility with current and future versions of Windows. It's the ideal mouse for performance-oriented PCs.
D6735472	Marketing description is not available.
D6735473	Thanks to this fast 35mm wide-angle lens with a minimum focusing distance of only 25 cm, you can approach the subject closer and still obtain a more natural wide-angle effect. You can even obtain good background blur for portraits.
D6735474	Easy to hold and carry and featuring a floating rear focusing system, this ultra-wide-angle lens is designed for serious applications. Sharp images are obtained at all subject distance.
D6735475	Marketing description is not available.
D6735511	Enjoy superior quality photo prints thanks to tiny 1pl ink droplets and a high 9600x2400dpi print resolution. The amazing 7 Single Ink system brings unparalleled color depth, contrast and richness to photos. Print a 10x15cm borderless photo in approx. 35 seconds in Standard Mode . Print photos directly from your memory card, PictBridge-ready digital camera, camcorder or mobile phone . Auto Image Fix automatically enhances photos. Apply Red Eye Removal, face brightening and more with the image editing software. ChromaLife100 delivers beautiful, long-lasting prints with longevity up to 100 years. Print documents at up to 30ppm in mono or 22ppm in color, single or double-sided. Copy at up to 30cpm in mono or 22cpm in color. Advanced copy technology ensures exceptional color performance. Text and image separation gives optimal results when text, graphics and photos are combined. Copy the exact area you want with frame erase, trimming and masking functions. 4800dpi resolution with Canon's Super Toric lens system delivers superior color scans. Print directly from 6x 35mm film (negative/positive) or 4x 35mm mounted slides via the built-in film adapter. Scan straight to PC, email or PDF. MP Navigator EX software makes every stage easier, from image search to PDF document editing. Scan existing photo prints for re-printing or scan faded photos and bring them back to life with easy-to-use software. Personalize inkjet-printable CDs by printing straight onto the surface. Use the CD-LabelPrint software to create exciting layouts by adding text and images. The crystal clear 8.8cm TFT screen makes PC-free operation fun and easy. Simply spin the Easy-Scroll Wheel to select options on the screen. View, select, edit and print - all at a touch. All 7 Single Ink tanks can be replaced separately, minimizing ink wastage and maximizing savings. A smart LED light flashes to alert you when a color is running low or needs replacement. Automatic double-sided printing & copying cuts paper costs. Two paper trays hold photo and plain paper. Quick-Start gets your PIXMA going fast, with instant use of functions. Integrate this PIXMA into your Ethernet network to share it with multiple users.
D6735513	This is true high-performance versatility. You'll quickly print photos with color resolution up to 4800 x 1200 color dpi. The Automatic Document Feeder (ADF) holds up to 30 originals, so it's much easier to copy, scan or fax large documents. Copies will be remarkably true to the originals, and documents will feature bold, laser-quality text. You'll produce 1200-dpi scans with vibrant 48-bit color depth, and achieve Super G3 fax speed in color and B&W.
D6735514	This networkable 5-in-1 is all business, able to quickly produce beautiful photos and bold, professional-quality text. You can print photos right from compatible memory cards - selecting and enhancing images on the 1.8" color LCD display - or directly from a digital camera or DV camcorder. The Automatic Document Feeder (ADF) holds up to 30 originals, and two paper trays can store both plain and photo paper. You'll achieve up to Super G3 fax speed in color and B&W, and the expanded memory can store 40 speed dial codes and receive 100 incoming pages. Copies will be remarkably true to the originals, and when scanning photos you'll produce impressive 2400-dpi results, with vibrant 48-bit color depth.
D6735601	MSI, Micro-Star International, keeps the principle of "award-winning product quality and outstanding customer service". "Quality Products Create Faithful Customers" is a motto that guides all that MSI does. MSI's talented team carries out its work with the latest research equipment, continuing to raise the bar on product quality and innovative product features.
D6735602	MSI, Micro-Star International, keeps the principle of "award-winning product quality and outstanding customer service". "Quality Products Create Faithful Customers" is a motto that guides all that MSI does. MSI's talented team carries out its work with the latest research equipment, continuing to raise the bar on product quality and innovative product features.
D6741368	Samsung exemplifies technological determination and progressive ideals. From technology to business to the philanthropy, Samsung has become a world leader for which the possibilities are truly endless.
D6747170	techsolo is a manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer periphery devices. techsolo products are characterized by good quality and high functionality with an excellent price-performance ratio. The company steadily improves its products to customers' wishes and need.
D6747585	VB191T comes with a narrow frame and provides a wide viewing angle to ensure that it looks as good as the images being displayed.Splendid Video Intelligence Technology fine tunes the color, brightness, contrast and sharpness of images in different video applications and offers 5 preset video modes selection via hotkey and 3 skin tone options.It provides the high contrast ratio, which can dynamically adjust contrast between black and white to provide sharper and brighter images - especially during games and movies.
D6748200	A small, sleek USB receiver plugs easily into your laptop. And with Logitech's reliable, high-performance FastRF technology, you get all the convenience and freedom of cordless, with the crisp, immediate response of a corded mouse. Setup and use are simple and fast. It even lets you conserve power on the road with a handy on-off switch.
D6748229	RaidSonic's target is to develop innovative products, which enrich and perfect the use of mass storage in a functional, aesthetic and high quality way. By the consequent use of high class components and materials, RaidSonic has positioned its products in the upper level market segment.PRODUCT FEATURES:Smart EasySwap aluminum case for one 3,5" SATA hard disk;Easy (EasySwap) exchange for your hard drive without tools;Aluminum surface refinement, chrome last;PnP and HotSwap;On/Off switch for blue lighting;Upright Stand, On/Off switch at the rear;Noiseless, without fan;USB2.0 and eSATA interface;eSATA Bracket, power supply, data cable and socket in scope of supply;Up to 1,5Gbit/s eSATA - up to 480Mb/s USB2.0;No capacity limitation.
D6748345	The OmniView PRO3 USB & PS/2 KVM Switch provides easy and dependable server control with extraordinary performance. The Switch enables network administrators to monitor and control up to 4 USB- and PS/2-platform servers from a single console. The PRO Series KVM Switches are the industry's most popular for small-to-medium server rooms, branch locations, and test and development labs. Designed to grow along with your server network, the Switch can be daisy-chained together using dedicated daisy chain ports with other OmniView PRO Series KVM or SMB KVM Switches to support up to 256 servers.
D6748346	The OmniView PRO3 USB & PS/2 KVM Switch provides easy and dependable server control with extraordinary performance. The Switch enables network administrators to monitor and control up to 8 USB- and PS/2-platform servers from a single console. The PRO Series KVM Switches are the industry's most popular for small-to-medium server rooms, branch locations, and test and development labs. Designed to grow along with your server network, the Switch can be daisy-chained together using dedicated daisy chain ports with other OmniView PRO Series KVM or SMB KVM Switches to support up to 256 servers.
D6748347	The OmniView PRO3 USB & PS/2 KVM Switch provides easy and dependable server control with extraordinary performance. The Switch enables network administrators to monitor and control up to 16 USB- and PS/2-platform servers from a single console. The PRO Series KVM Switches are the industry's most popular for small-to-medium server rooms, branch locations, and test and development labs. Designed to grow along with your server network, the Switch can be daisy-chained together using dedicated daisy chain ports with other OmniView PRO Series KVM or SMB KVM Switches to support up to 256 servers.
D6749820	Samsung exemplifies technological determination and progressive ideals. From technology to business to the philanthropy, Samsung has become a world leader for which the possibilities are truly endless.
D6753728	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:Storage and carry bag for notebook and peripherals;Scaleable main compartment to fit most notebooks with screens up to 17.4";Padded interior to protect your notebook;Extra compartments to store your iPod, MP3 player, PDA, power supply, etc;Dual metal zippers and velcro fasteners;Durable and adjustable shoulder-strap.
D6753731	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:High quality USB webcam with 640 x 480 hardware resolution, 1.3 megapixel snapshot resolution and built-in microphone;Equipped with automatic face tracking technology and [3x] digital zoom;With snapshot button to quickly take pictures;Ideal for Live Messenger, MSN Messenger, Skype or other messenger services;Software included with real-time video effects and picture frames;Self-adjusting clamp to attach the webcam to notebook LCD screens and flat panel monitors or place on flat surfaces.
D6753745	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compact design wireless optical mouse with small USB receiver that can be stored inside the mouse;Ideal for use with notebook;Rubber coated edges for a firm grip;High precision 800 dpi optical technology;Suitable for both right and left hand users.
D6753746	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:Compact wireless optical mouse with 2.4 GHz micro USB receiver that can be stored inside the mouse;Special button to switch sensitivity to 500 and 1000 dpi;Tilt scroll wheel providing convenient horizontal and vertical scrolling;2.4 GHz wireless operation for smooth and immediate mouse response with a range up to 8 meters;Smart link technology: easy automatic wireless connection;Ergonomic design with rubber coated edges for a firm grip.
D6753747	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.
D6753939	Maxtor DiamondMax 21 hard drive continues the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. The DiamondMax family of hard drives provides a value solution for applications that require a balance of the most popular capacities, basic performance and reliability.DiamondMax 21 drive is ideal for entry and mainstream, home and office PC applications and an excellent solution for integrators and system builders.
D6756391	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.
D6756489	Cruzer Micro now ships with U3 smart technology. Co-invented by SanDisk, U3 technology gives you the ability to carry your files and your software on a secure USB drive. You can have your wallpaper, preferences, favorites, profiles, and more - everything you need for a familiar computing experience on any PC, wherever you go. Cruzer Micro allows you to easily carry and transfer key documents, pictures, music and video clips from one computer to another. The new retractable USB port eliminates the need for caps and protects your USB connector.
D6756768	Need a quantum leap in office network capability? NETGEAR delivers a cost-effective solution - the JFS524. This unmanaged 10/100 Fast Ethernet switch provides expanded connectivity for small office networks so users no longer have to compete with each other for bandwidth. All of the essential features - automatic speed and full/half duplex sensing, 200 Mbps throughput per port, Auto Uplink - are included, but at an economical price that a value-conscious business owner can't ignore.
D6759367	Enjoy image-perfect detail and clarity plus motorized tracking. Carl Zeiss optics and autofocus keep images razor sharp, even in extreme close-ups.Motorized tracking - automatically follows your every move, keeping you right in the middle of the picture. Get more detail and clarity from Logitech's glass lens designed in collaboration with Carl Zeiss, the global leader in camera optics. Premium autofocus: your images stay razor sharp, even in closeups. HD video: video and images have never looked so real at 960 by 720 pixels. A true 2-megapixel sensor, with up to 8-megapixel photos (enhanced). RightLight 2 Technology: adjusts intelligently to produce the best possible images in dim or poorly backlighted settings. Integrated microphone with RightSound Technology: - enjoy crystal clear conversations, free from annoying background noise. Logitech Video Effects personalize your conversations with hundreds of avatars and face accessories that mirror expressions and motion. Use Fun Filters to add playful photographic effects such as fisheye, '50s Movie Reel, neonize, and more. Transform yourself. New Logitech Video Masks add personality to your video calls. Pair your eyes and mouth with the Mona Lisa, a lion, clouds, and much more. Works with your favorite IM application: use QuickCam Sphere AF with Skype, Windows Live Messenger, Yahoo! Messenger, AOL Instant Messenger (AIM), and other popular instant messaging applications.
D6761562	The Alpine 7 GT was developed for system integrators to offer maximum performance at a very low noise level for an aggressive price. The Alpine 7 GT features Intel's push pin mounting for instant and easy installation.
D6761563	ML02 is what a multimedia MoDT (mobile on desktop) chassis is meant to be, with a height of only 82mm, it is the underlying characteristic of MoDT. ML02 has solid 4.0mm aluminum frames that wrap all around the sturdy SECC body structure. The elegant acrylic front panel with Multilanguage LCD via remote control gives a nice overall contrast, and with the aid of intelligent airflow layout design from LC19, this slimming beauty can make a statement in any multimedia environments.
D6761564	ML02 is what a multimedia MoDT (mobile on desktop) chassis is meant to be, with a height of only 82mm, it is the underlying characteristic of MoDT. ML02 has solid 4.0mm aluminum frames that wrap all around the sturdy SECC body structure. The elegant acrylic front panel with Multilanguage LCD via remote control gives a nice overall contrast, and with the aid of intelligent airflow layout design from LC19, this slimming beauty can make a statement in any multimedia environments.
D6761566	To really appreciate what a HTPC chassis is design for, CW02S of the Crown Series was designed just to do so. Exterior glance, the daring appearance of CW02S with its premium all aluminum construction, and extra thick reinforced aluminum dress plates in the front, sets off an understated sophistication with touch of bold persona. Interior design, the interior of CW02S is able to accommodate extended length graphics card, proficient to display any system at its best. Capable of installing CPU cooler in height for additional cooling option, this spacious accommodation assures a high-performance system possible. Users can enjoy their high performance system with state-of-the-art multi language displaying function, and with 52-in-1 card reader also under the hood, CW02S has the potential to be named the 'The Best of' in every category.
D6762772	This is the Microsoft's most portable wireless notebook mouse that connects directly to a Bluetooth PC without a transceiver, freeing up USB ports for other devices.
D6766447	The Twin2X4096-6400C5 is a 4096MByte matched pair of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 800MHz at the low latencies of 5-5-5-18. Corsair's line of 4GB memory kits is designed for PCs featuring 64-bit operating systems.
D6766584	With all the possibilities DirectX 10 and Windows Vista is offering; it’s incredibly tempting to make the cross-over. Multimedia is changing; high working resolutions and big LCD screens are almost a commodity right now. What we need is a smart, all-round and high performance solution to fit all your graphic needs. And that's where the Point of View GeForce 8400GS comes in!With a core speed of 450 MHz and memory speed of 800 MHz, this card is a feisty little demon. Just like its bigger brothers and sisters of the GeForce 8 family, the 8400 GS has a full support for Shader Model 4.0. Through its DirectX 9 and 10 support you can play all the games at very acceptable frame rates. And easily connect your PC to your LCD television and play some high definition content with the NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology. Furthermore you'll be able to experience all the visual features of Windows Vista such as Windows sidebar, transparent windows, taskbar live preview and flip windows. Experience a faster desktop response and higher efficiency.The Point of View GeForce 8400GS is a perfect solution for your (media center) PC. If you want an all-round player without spending too much of money, this is your card!
D6767015	The Acer P1265 is ideal for education sector and SMB users who are after superior-quality digital projection, without the prohibitive costs of enhanced brightness and portable connectivity. Featuring native XGA (1024 x 768) resolution, 2400 ANSI Lumens brightness, a 6-segment color wheel, a DVI-I port and Acer ColorBoost and SmartFormat technologies, the Acer P1265 projects vivid, colorful details through a wide range of digital and analog sources.
D6770205	The EF 20-35mm f/3.5-4.5 USM is a highly portable lens with high optical performance and lightweight of 340g. It features a very practical ultra-wide-angle zoom. The large front lens group minimizes peripheral darkening, and the flare-blocking diaphragm minimizes flare. Also, with lens group 2 being the zoom group, distortion is corrected.
D6773865	The sleek Cordless Desktop EX 110 makes it incredibly easy and affordable to go cordless, in style. Quick and simple to set up, keyboard and mouse perform as reliably as any corded product. An 800-dpi optical mouse responds instantly, tracks precisely, and provides maximum freedom. One-touch media controls make music or video playback easier - and more fun. Launch your Internet home page, email, or onscreen calculator - all from the keyboard. Plus, navigate the web or close your browser with convenient left-hand buttons. Keyboard is spill-resistant too. It's a superb combination of quality, value, comfort, and great looks.
D6775097	Besides LC-402's special and well-known design, there's an additional, illuminated fan in the side panel and it goes without saying that this fan complies to the silent specifications. Moreover, there's the possibility to install two additional fans. The transparent side panel allows your friends and your enviers a deep insight on your hardware. Become an eye-catcher and get envied at every LAN party.
D6776813	Since its foundation Verbatim has been at the forefront of the evolution in data storage technology. Today Verbatim remains one of the most recognizable names in the data storage industry. Customer-driven, Verbatim is known for adding considerable product value - above and beyond its competitors - to established media technology. Along with its technological innovations, Verbatim is recognized universally for its superior manufacturing practices. This commitment to quality translates into consistent product performance and reliability.
D6777110	DIGITUS offers the complete assortment of high quality computer peripheral products. DIGITUS is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Earphone with built-in, flexible microphone.
D6777113	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Never need any more passwords, only the users thumb;User-friendly integration of fingerprint authentication for login, Internet access and applications;The delivered software manage logins, users passwords and data encryption for files, folders and virtual drives and inserts the user data automatically in required data fields after successful fingerprint scan;Semiconductor sensor, swipe type;USB 1.1 interface / bus powered;Power LED.
D6777127	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:Wireless LAN high performance rod antenna;Omnidirectional type;Gain: 9,0 dBi (reception);Suitable for 2,4GHz WLAN - IEEE 802.11b / g;Connected via RP-SMA socket.
D6777260	Accessible and affordable cordless technology for all PC's! The ideal product for bundling with any home PC, the new Logitech Deluxe 660 Cordless Desktop is your assurance of industry-leading cordless performance. It features an industry standard key layout with spill-resistant design. Simple to install, the essential Calculator, Email and Internet hotkeys will work out of the box without having to load any additional drivers. Additional multi-media controls can be accessed using the Fn button. Its commercial brown-box package makes it ideal for system builders wishing to bundle a durable and reliable cordless desktop.
D6779848	A4 Tech is a global leader in manufacturing personal computer products. A4 Tech maintains an exceptionally strong commitment to develop, for it's within the discipline of development that yesterday's fiction becomes tomorrow's reality.PRODUCT FEATURES:A stereo PC headset for every need and budget;Neodymium speaker drivers for full, rich sound;Adjustable headband for maximum comfort;Flexible microphone boom and noise-canceling microphone for clear communications;In-line mute and volume buttons put audio controls at your fingertips;Very good attenuation of background noise.
D6779859	Marketing description is not available.
D6779865	Marketing description is not available.
D6779867	Marketing description is not available.
D6779868	Marketing description is not available.
D6779946	The Vostok is made for those who want to be out of the ordinary. The body of this classy and elegant case is coated with a tough scratch resistance paint for protection.
D6779947	Enermax Technology's main product range includes switching power supplies, PC cases, industrial PC cases, pedestal and tower server cases, CPU coolers, second fans, mobile racks and other peripherals. Enermax is always looking for the latest cutting-edge technology to offer its clients. Enermax's own design engineers work around the clock to come up with the best solutions and products to meet the demand of the market. Now, Enermax is engaged in developing more powerful types of products to serve customers in the future.PRODUCT FEATURES:14cm fan slot in front to maximize air flow;12cm fan with screwless slot (clip) in rear for silent cooling;CAG 1.1 air duct side panel for extreme CPU & PCI card cooling;Integrated standoff M/B tray for faster and easier M/B installation;Tool-free drive bays;Simply remove the front panel without opening side panels;Thumbscrews for tool-free installation;Mirror-like front coating;Scratch-resistant body coating;2 CD ROM bay doors for a perfect look;Blue LED HDD light and power button.
D6779948	Enermax Technology's main product range includes switching power supplies, PC cases, industrial PC cases, pedestal and tower server cases, CPU coolers, second fans, mobile racks and other peripherals. Enermax is always looking for the latest cutting-edge technology to offer its clients. Enermax's own design engineers work around the clock to come up with the best solutions and products to meet the demand of the market. Now, Enermax is engaged in developing more powerful types of products to serve customers in the future.PRODUCT FEATURES:14cm fan slot in front to maximize air flow;12cm fan with screwless slot (clip) in rear for silent cooling;CAG 1.1 air duct side panel for extreme CPU & PCI card cooling;Integrated standoff M/B tray for faster and easier M/B installation;Tool-free drive bays;Simply remove the front panel without opening side panels;Thumbscrews for tool-free installation;Mirror-like front coating;Scratch-resistant body coating;2 CD ROM bay doors for a perfect look;Blue LED HDD light and power button.
D6785945	KeySonic's products bring you close with important data to the Internet and make it possible for you working in the digital world more effectively, playing and communicating.
D6786012	Get vocal with the Plantronics .Audio 310, designed specifically for speech and voice applications. A superior noise-canceling microphone enhances speech accuracy while the monaural design keeps you tuned to your surroundings. The QuickAdjust telescoping boom ensures full control over speech-based applications, Internet talk, and multiplayer gaming.
D6786021	Electrify your audio experience with rich, resonant stereo. The .Audio 625 USB brings acoustically accurate comfort to talking, gaming, video conferencing, and unbridled tune jamming. It features a noise-canceling, telescoping microphone to enhance speech accuracy and offers soft, swivel-mounted ear cushions. A choice of connectivity - analog or USB - makes the .Audio 625 USB the ideal headset for home and office multi-taskers.
D6786022	The Plantronics .Audio 645 USB headset combines rich stereo sound with digitally enhanced voice quality for Skype, Windows Live, or Yahoo Messenger Internet calling. A choice of connectivity - analog or USB - makes it easy to plug and play. Enjoy consistent, high-quality audio for Internet calling, playing games, or relaxing with music.
D6786024	The Plantronics .Audio 470 USB headset combines portability with your choice of analog or USB connection. Outstanding digital sound quality makes Internet calls, music, and DVDs sound even better. A personalized fit, lightweight design, and fingertip controls deliver hours of comfortable use for discerning mobile professionals -whether working or relaxing.
D6786320	As hard drive capacities increase, the power required to run those drives increases as well. WD Caviar GP makes it possible for energy-conscious customers to build systems with higher capacities and the right balance of system performance, ensured reliability, and energy conservation.
D6786322	As hard drive capacities increase, the power required to run those drives increases as well. WD Caviar GP makes it possible for energy-conscious customers to build systems with higher capacities and the right balance of system performance, ensured reliability, and energy conservation.
D6786323	As hard drive capacities increase, the power required to run those drives increases as well. WD Caviar GP makes it possible for energy-conscious customers to build systems with higher capacities and the right balance of system performance, ensured reliability, and energy conservation.
D6787271	Given the success of Canon's highly acclaimed G Series, it's no surprise that ambitious photographers have been eagerly anticipating the next model in its evolution. The wait has paid off handsomely with the introduction of the PowerShot G9. In image quality and functionality, the G9 stands above the competition with 12.1 megapixels of resolution, a 6x optical zoom with Optical Image Stabilizer, and RAW mode for the ultimate in creative control. Sophisticated design and high-quality construction complement the technology and make the G9 a camera to be reckoned with.
D6787573	The Carry It Easy +Plus Drive makes it easy for everybody to keep essential personal information such as Microsoft Outlook e-mails, contacts and calendar with them to access from any other PC that has Outlook installed.The Carry It Easy software is an application, which supports both Internet Explorer and Firefox browsers. It leaves no browsing trace on a remote PC, when using Carry It Easy +Plus with a USB drive. You can carry your Internet Explorer and Firefox favorites / bookmarks on the USB drive.Versatile and easy to use, simply plug the drive into any USB port then drag and drop your files and folders. My Documents folders such as My Pictures, My Music and other folders can be carried on the USB drive and synchronized between one or more PCs. The My Documents folder can be compressed saving valuable space on the drive.
D6787575	The Carry It Easy +Plus Drive makes it easy for everybody to keep essential personal information such as Microsoft Outlook e-mails, contacts and calendar with them to access from any other PC that has Outlook installed.The Carry It Easy software is an application, which supports both Internet Explorer and Firefox browsers. It leaves no browsing trace on a remote PC, when using Carry It Easy +Plus with a USB drive. You can carry your Internet Explorer and Firefox favorites / bookmarks on the USB drive.Versatile and easy to use, simply plug the drive into any USB port then drag and drop your files and folders. My Documents folders such as My Pictures, My Music and other folders can be carried on the USB drive and synchronized between one or more PCs. The My Documents folder can be compressed saving valuable space on the drive.
D6787583	The Verbatim 3.5'' external hard drive instantly adds high-performace storage in an attractive design for your PC or Mac. The Verbatim 3.5'' hard drive stores thousands of digital photos, videos, MP3 songs and other electronic files. Powered by a 7200 RPM hard drive, the desktop hard drive races through the most demanding audio/video applications, allowing you to work more and wait less. The 3.5'' hard drive delivers outstanding quality, performance and reliability for both professional and home use.
D6788615	A revolutionary advance in keyboard design, the Logitech Wave key design instinctively guides your hands into a natural position for enhanced comfort and productivity. The cushioned palm rest provides extra support and can help reduce fatigue, and one-touch hot keys provide easy access to many Windows Vista features, including Flip 3D, Zoom, Photo Gallery, and Gadgets. Programmable F-keys can instantly open your favorite applications, games, folders, and web pages. Featuring soft-rubber side grips, the cordless laser mouse delivers exceptional comfort and precision. Both keyboard and mouse provide ultra-long battery life, and convenient LED battery indicators alert you when batteries need changing.
D6788872	Extending Corsair's legendary reputation in performance and quality, the Corsair VX family of power supplies features the industry's most efficient power management and ultra-quiet design for mainstream users.Unlike most power supplies in the market, the Corsair VX incorporates a single +12V power rail that delivers continuous power under heavy loads. This conservative design ensures reliable operation in today's most demanding system configurations and adds compatibility for future platforms.The unique combination of rock solid performance and incredible value puts the Corsair VX family of power supplies in a class of its own. Ideal for home theater PCs and ENERGY STAR PCs, the VX line maximizes energy savings and minimum noise generation thanks to double-forward switching circuitry design.
D6789621	Designed for home multimedia entertainment and SMB/classroom presentations, the Acer P1165 digital projector delivers maximum impact within a minimum budget. Presenting optimized color performance via 2400 ANSI Lumens brightness and a 6-segment color wheel, this value projector features Acer ColorBoost and SmartFormat technologies for ultra-realistic colors and support for both 4:3 displays and widescreens, delivering high-impact imagery with ease and convenience.
D6792642	The 2-Port 10/100Mbps Multi-Function USB 2.0 Print Server (TE100-MP2U) is designed to transform virtually any stand-alone multi-function USB printer into a shared resource on your network. An intuitive utility application and a user-friendly configuration interface provide a seamless user experience.LED indicators, bidirectional support and e-mail notifications allow for easy management. With support for most operating systems, simply connect up to two devices to this product for instant multimedia and file sharing. This product offers a cost effective solution to the challenge of sharing multi-function printer, fax, scanner and storage devices.
D6794347	WD Scorpio mobile hard drive delivers best-in-class performance with low power consumption and cool operation. In addition, you'll get one of the quietest 2.5-inch drives on the market with real-time data protection technology to help keep your data safe.
D6795078	PRODUCT FEATURES:Built-in PS/2 to USB converterRequires no external power supplyCompatible with USB 1.1 / 2.0 specificationSupports UHCI, OHCI, and EHCI USB controller
D6797593	Enjoy freedom from desk clutter with an optical mouse and a compact keyboard design in Microsoft's most affordable wireless desktop. Control your favorite activities with Media Keys and easily programmable hot keys.
D6797901	Marketing description is not available.
D6799979	Samsung exemplifies technological determination and progressive ideals. From technology to business to the philanthropy, Samsung has become a world leader for which the possibilities are truly endless.
D6800632	Windows Home Server helps you pull together and protect all your family's files in a single, central location that makes sharing easy. Keep all those digital memories safe for future generations with features like automatic daily backups and full system restore. Share your photos, music, movies, and other files from a single, central location that everyone in your home can get to. Friends and family can see and share any files you want, whether they're in another room or another country. This smart hub helps your family organize all your shared files in one place. Windows Home Server cuts down on clutter and brings order to digital chaos. You can add more space easily whenever you need it, so no more hard choices about what to keep and what to delete. And new products and services will be added as Windows Home Server keeps growing and getting better.
D6801066	Marketing description is not available.
D6801067	PRODUCT FEATURES:Multiple use - problem-free operation of several Desktops due to pre-coding with no channel setting requiredErgo-Laser- mouse for right-handed use with 5 Buttons and optional integrated receiver storageBrowser forward / back - buttonsOptimal precision thanks to built-in switch for simpleResolution switch between 800 dpi and 1600 dpi - Soft touchSurface for pleasant handling- Latest wirelessTechnology with 2.4 GHz for extremely large range up to 10 m)Tap-proof due to coded data transmissionUltra-silent - Whisper keystroke for particularly low-noise use10 HotKeys - for the most important Mediaplayer functionsUltra-flat, modern design with pleasant-to-touch keysStandard keyboard layout (incl. cursor and number block)Problem-free use with rechargeable batteries
D6801068	Marketing description is not available.
D6801069	PRODUCT FEATURES:Plug & Play. Requires no software installation or extensive installation procedureOptical 5-button design mouseSymmetrical design, suitable for right and left-handed useSoft-touch surface for pleasant handlingAccurate and rapid surface scanning due to maintenance-free optical sensor with 1000 dpi resolutionMultiple use - problem-free operation of several desktops due to pre-coding without channel setting required installation procedureLatest wireless technology with 2.4 GHz for extremely large range (up to 10 m)Tap-proof due to coded data transmissionUltra-silent. Whisper keystroke for particularly low-noise useUltra-flat, modern design with pleasant-to-touch keysInterference-free radio transmissionStandard keyboard layout (including cursor and number block)Problem-free use with standard batteries (batteries included in delivery)
D6801070	Since its beginning, Cherry Corporation has excelled at turning things on, setting things in motion, and getting things going. As a worldwide leader in the design, development and manufacture of automotive switches and modules, computer keyboards, switches and controls, the company continues to focus on providing advanced, technology-based solutions via an integrated network of resources.
D6802657	Now you can store, carry and transfer large files in an affordable, convenient device. The DataTraveler from Kingston helps budget-conscious users break storage barriers, allowing them to easily store and move large files in a device no bigger than a pocketknife, replacing the need for floppies or the hassle of burning CDs.As easy as click and drag, the DataTraveler can hold just about any file you can think of: term papers, theses, digital images, spreadsheets or other important documents. It works with virtually any computer with a USB port - even cross-platform from Macintosh to PC and vice versa.
D6802924	Logitech Cordless 1500 Rechargeable Desktop gives your customers cordless convenience and improved design in an affordable desktop.This desktop combines the Logitech 1500 Cordless Keyboard with a popular cordless rechargeable optical mouse to deliver plug-and-play installation, 3D tilt wheel technology, and the industry's best rechargeable solution.
D6802956	The Club 3D HD 2400 passive is a rock solid extremely powerful HD multimedia center processor. Hosting the ATI UVD (universal video decoder) for optimal performance. The UVD is a powerful processor and designed for optimal quality and performance in video playback. Ready for the new Blu-ray and HD DVD media format.
D6807032	AOpen is an established market leader, from motherboards to monitors, to multimedia add-on cards, and more. With AOpen products, you are guaranteed the latest in technology development at competitive prices. And because AOpen controls design and manufacturing, from the drawing board to the finished product, the quality of that product is ensured.
D6810650	Marketing description is not available.
D6810651	Creative GigaWorks HD50 speakers deliver maximum stereo impact in a micro desktop design. If you're looking for smooth, 'pro' quality music from your PC or MP3 player, you'll love these ultra-compact speakers, which save desktop space but deliver total GigaWorks quality! Inside each satellite Creative has used Creative High Definition Driver technology for amazing accuracy, plus a Titanium Super Tweeter for clear highs and BasXPort technology for strong lows to provide everything you demand from 'pro' quality speakers, except the size! There is an easy access front knob for volume / power, and a blue LED shows when the speakers are on. Upgrade by adding the X-30 Docking Station for use with an iPod.
D6810652	Redefine your audio listening experience with the Creative GigaWorks T40. This new class of performance desktop speakers features a three-driver design for audiophile-like audio that injects new life to your desktop music-listening experience. The Creative GigaWorks T40 features the same hallmark of quality the GigaWorks series of speakers is well known for - guaranteeing you a rich and defined performance. The GigaWorks T40 features Midrange-Tweeter-Midrange (MTM) driver configuration that improves the overall audio balance with deeper and richer bass effects, giving you music that sounds fuller, warmer in tone and closer to the original audio.With quality components, such as the dual woven glass fiber cone driver, the cloth dome tweeters, BasXPort technology and the convenient control and entertainment extension, the GigaWorks T40 truly delivers its promise of acoustic audio quality with a style that complements any setup.
D6810653	Creative Inspire A200 speakers give your music a special touch. With their stylish design and good performance they're the clear winner when you want to take a step up from ordinary speakers. Benefiting from Creative's audio heritage, they're easy to install and sound great, with enjoyable high notes and mid tones from the two satellites supported by strong bass from the wood subwoofer. You can connect these neat speakers to your PC, notebook or MP3 player and they'll always give you great results. They're also very easy to use, with power and volume controls on the right satellite.
D6810654	The Creative Inspire A300 is the affordable and hassle-free choice for speaker power and performance for your computer or MP3 player. Enjoy rich, natural bass and vocal clarity with any music genre from its two stylish satellite speakers and powerful subwoofer. Slim and sleek, the speaker system's adjustable bass level control and easy-access knob lets you command full control over the master volume and bass effects. The ideal portable extension to your PC/laptop or ZEN MP3 player, the Creative Inspire A300 is the best answer to your audio needs.
D6810655	Creative Inspire A500 takes your multi-channel PC/notebook gaming to a whole new level at an affordable price no stereo speakers can deliver. This 5.1 speaker system boasts five elegant satellite speakers and a powerful 17-watt RMS subwoofer featuring a 5.25" subwoofer driver with built-in amplifiers and an adjustable bass control. The wired volume control comes with LED indication and allows for flexible placement anywhere on your desktop.
D6810656	Creative Inspire T10 speakers give a high-quality performance of all your digital music. Compact and sleek, in glossy black, they combine advanced engineering with good looks to deliver better audio with your PC, notebook or MP3 player. They create a true 'Hi-Fi' sound stage, using separate tweeters for high-end perfection, precision drivers for accurate mid-tones and BasXPort technology for strong lows without a subwoofer. Separate controls for volume and bass enable you to optimize playback with any kind of music, and you can position Inspire T10s close to PC monitors and TV screens thanks to their magnetic shielding. They include a headphone socket for private listening.
D6810657	I-Trigue 2300 stereo speakers with their stylish and attractive design will make your music sound great! Their advanced technology will bring you awesome listening, thanks to high-precision NeoTitanium drivers for natural, balanced sound and Creative BasXport technology for stronger bass. Use them in your sitting room with your MP3 player, or in your study with your PC. They'll always look perfect - and with their front-mounted controls you'll find them so easy to use!
D6810658	Trendy and elegant, the I-Trigue 3000 2.1 is a designer speaker system with matching subwoofer that is slim and compact for placing on your desktop. With each satellite donned in a fashionable design, its small footprint and alluring looks will elevate any decor, and take your audio into the next level.Powered by three 36mm NeoTitanium drivers, you can instinctively listen to sharper and clearer sonic imaging. Complementing your audio nirvana are the high-performance drivers and port tube subwoofer for deeper and richer bass. The versatile I-Trigue 3000 completes your audio sphere, with conveniences such as the wired remote control to adjust the master volume, power on/off switch, bass control and headphone jack for private listening. The stylish I-Trigue 3000 is a stunningly high-end looking designer speaker that puts compact and sleek design into a perfect harmony with functionality and performance.
D6810659	Dock your iPod with style. The Creative I-Trigue 3000i is a versatile iPod docking speaker system with a minimalist designed subwoofer. Slot your iPod in the advanced docking station and turn it into a full-scale entertainment system catering to your home, desktop, notebook or Mac.Powered by three NeoTitanium micro-drivers, listen instinctively to sharper and clearer sonic imaging accentuated by deep bass effects produced by the high-performance driver and port tube subwoofer. Manage your music, photos and playlists via the USB connector and see your videos and photos come alive through the convenient AV output on your TV. You can even plug in to other digital audio players with the AUX-in connectivity.Coupled with a wireless remote control, the I-Trigue 3000i is the perfect audio system for your entertainment needs, giving you a complete immersive experience, every time anytime.
D6810665	Upgrade your PC to award-winning Sound Blaster X-Fi Xtreme Fidelity audio! Creative's Sound Blaster X-Fi Xtreme Audio PCI Express transforms MP3 music and movies over headphones or surround sound speakers. X-Fi Crystalizer restores the details and vibrancy lost during MP3 and DivX compression, breathing life back into any audio. X-Fi CMSS-3D expands stereo music and movie sound tracks into amazing surround sound even over regular headphones, with OpenAL and EAX 4.0 support for enhanced gaming. The perfect addition to PCI Express-ready PCs, this Windows Vista compliant card features extended connectivity thanks to its integrated digital optical input and output.
D6811851	PRODUCT FEATURES:Bundle with selected Dual Core CPU operating at FSB1333 / 2.66GHzIntel 945GC A2 chipset
D6811852	PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports Dual Channel DDRII667/533 x 4 DIMM slots with max. capacity up to 4GBIntel Graphics Media Accelerator 950, DirectX 9.0 and Max. shared memory 224MB1 x PCI Express x16 slotHybrid Booster - Safe Overclocking TechnologyUntied Overclocking : During overclocking, FSB enjoys better margin due to fixed PCIE/ PCI BusesDual VGA Output: Support D-Sub and DVI-D ports with DVI Graphics-HDCP card by independent display controllersSupports HDCP function with DVI Graphics-HDCP card, to enjoy better quality with High Definition HDCP Encryption contentsSupports PCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/s4 x Serial ATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors7.1 CH Windows Vista Premium Level HD Audio (ALC888 Audio Codec)Windows Vista Premium 2007 Logo ReadyFree Bundle: 1 x DVI Graphics-HDCP cardHD 8CH I/O: 4 ready-to-use USB ports, HD 7.1 channel audio jacks
D6817337	Benefit from fast print speeds of 10ppm in color and 12ppm in mono with this compact, quiet and robust color laser printer. Switch on and start printing almost immediately with a First Print Out Time of approx. 20 seconds. Color CAPT and Hi-SCoA technologies ensure rapid print processing and rendering, so you can print without waiting.Convenient built-in automatic double-sided printing saves you time and money. Cut paper costs and produce more professional looking documents and booklets with ease.
D6817342	This compact, versatile laser All-in-One with Super G3 fax delivers high quality professional output. Built-in networking, auto-duplexing and SEND functionality ensure optimal workgroup productivity.The i-SENSYS MF4690PL is a compact and stylish communication center. It offers productive and professional print, fax, copy and color scan functionality in one compact unit.Convenient built-in automatic double-sided printing saves you time and money. Cut paper costs and produce more professional looking documents and booklets with ease.Small workgroups can share printing resources thanks to the built-in network interface card. A Remote User Interface allows each user to view machine status and monitor print jobs from their web browser.Scan color documents direct to email, network, fax or USB memory key with SEND functionality. With Canon's high compression PDF, advanced scanning for a workgroup is quick and easy.The Super G3 fax modem sends faxes at 3 seconds per page to cut communication costs. The 256-page fax memory stores incoming faxes safely if paper or toner runs out. Ultra High Quality technology ensures clear transmission of diagrams, photos and text.Control and monitor both fax and copy costs and protect sensitive information such as address book contents. The i-SENSYS MF4690PL offers advanced security functions to restrict access to authorized users by User ID or Dept ID.
D6819616	techsolo is a manufacturer of innovative multimedia products and computer periphery devices. techsolo products are characterized by good quality and high functionality with an excellent price-performance ratio. The company steadily improves its products to customers' wishes and need.
D6820330	Samsung exemplifies technological determination and progressive ideals. From technology to business to the philanthropy, Samsung has become a world leader for which the possibilities are truly endless.
D6820331	The Samsung ML-3471ND laser printer combines high performance with fase speed and economical reliability to give you more output for less. You can benefit from the low maintenance and high productivity, allowing you to get more done faster and easier while guaranteeing quality.
D6820447	The superb image quality of HD with the convenience of straight-to-DVD recording. The stylish HR10 benefits from the Canon HD Camera System and advanced features that make moviemaking easy.
D6820448	The Canon HG10 AVCHD Format Hard Disk Drive Camcorder delivers high definition technology with the effortless ease of recording video directly onto a hard disk. Incorporating the latest AVCHD (Advanced Video Codec High Definition) format, it puts superb image reproduction and advanced features at your fingertips in a compact AVCHD Format HDD camcorder, which means you'll carry it everywhere you want to capture the special moments in your life in true HD.Among the Canon Exclusive features on the HG10 are Canon's own Full HD CMOS sensor and advanced DIGIC DV II image processor. More exclusives are SuperRange Optical Image Stabilization, Instant Auto Focus and 2.7" Widescreen Multi-Angle Vivid LCD. With the Genuine Canon 10x HD video zoom lens and a host of other advanced features the HG10 is the right choice in HDD camcorders.
D6822546	The CLP-C350A Samsung blue color laser print cartridge offers a great print quality and reliable performance for an affordable, professional quality color printing. It also has an advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology.
D6822547	SAMSUNG Color Laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for an affordable and professional quality color print. This low-yield toner offers an effective solution for users with lower print volume requirements.
D6822548	SAMSUNG Color Laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for an affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has a new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology. This high-yield toner offers an effective solution for users with higher print volume requirements. The high-capacity toner decreases cost per print and increases uptime.
D6822549	The CLP-K350A Samsung black color laser print cartridge offers a great print quality and reliable performance for an affordable, professional quality color printing. It also has an advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology.
D6822550	The CLP-K660A Samsung color laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for an affordable, professional quality color print job. It also has a new advanced toner, ease-of-use features and smart technology. This high-capacity toner decreases cost per print and increases your efficiency.
D6822551	SAMSUNG Color Laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for affordable, professional quality color printing. It also has a new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology. This high-yield toner offers an effective solution for users with lower print volume requirements.
D6822552	The CLP-M350A Samsung magenta color laser print cartridge offers a great print quality and reliable performance for an affordable, professional quality color printing. It also has a new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology.
D6822553	SAMSUNG Color Laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for an affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has a new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology. This low-yield toner offers an effective solution for users with lower print volume requirements.
D6822554	Samsung Color Laser print cartridge offers great print quality and reliable performance for an affordable, professional quality color printing, it also has a new advanced toner, ease-for-use features and smart technology. This high-yield toner offers an effective solution for users with lower print volume requirements.
D6822558	The CLP-Y350A Samsung yellow color laser print cartridge offers a great print quality and reliable performance for an affordable, professional quality color print. SAMSUNG color laser supplies are designed to maximize your printer's performance. You'll enjoy top performance, total reliability, and impressive color quality every time you print. Their unique design and advanced technology offer easy-to-use features that make it easy to produce professional results at home or in the office.
D6822559	SAMSUNG color laser supplies are designed to maximize your printer's performance. You'll enjoy top performance, total reliability, and impressive color quality every time you print. Their unique design and advanced technology offer easy-to-use features that make it easy to produce professional results at home or in the office.
D6822560	The CLP-Y660B is a yellow toner cartridge for CLX-6200FX, CLX-6210FX, CLX-6240FX, CLP-610ND and CLP-660ND; 5,000 page yield.Samsung color laser supplies are designed to maximize your printer's performance. You'll enjoy top performance, total reliability, and impressive color quality every time you print. Their unique design and advanced technology offer easy-to-use features that make it easy to produce professional results at home or in the office.
D6825204	PRODUCT FEATURES:Compliant to USB 2.0 specificationInternal/external use 3.5"Supports Media Copy and Hot-SwapSupports Hot-Plug, PnPSupports following memory cards: Compact Flach (CF) series, Memory Stick (MS) series, Smart Media (SM) + XD series, Secure Digital (SD) seriesUSB connection cable integrated
D6827322	Microsoft Windows XP Professional is the next version of the Windows operating system, which is designed for businesses of all sizes, and for individuals who demand the most from their computing experience. Windows XP Professional goes beyond the benefits of Windows XP Home Edition with advanced capabilities designed specifically to optimize productivity using the latest advancements in the digital world. Built on the solid foundation of Windows 2000, Windows XP Professional provides improved reliability, security, performance and ease of use, setting the new standard in efficient and dependable computing.
D6829400	SAMSUNG ML-D3470B original toner offers high quality documents with its best equipment. It has wider grayscale to express sharpened images. Also, as a proven SAMSUNG technology it meets your needs.
D6829401	SAMSUNG ML-D3470A original toner offers high quality documents with its best equipment. It has wider grayscale to express sharpened images. Also, as a proven SAMSUNG technology it meets your needs.
D6838638	Toshiba Storage Device Division (SDD), the industry pioneer in small form factor hard disk drives (HDDs), introduces the 200GB 2.5-inch HDD based on Perpendicular Magnetic Recording (PMR) technology. Toshiba's second-generation PMR offering features the worlds highest areal density at 178.8 gigabits per square inch and the highest-capacity drive on the market in the standard 9.5mm mobile PC format.The 200GB dual-platter drive offers enough capacity for portable video recording and editing, gaming, music and other multimedia applications. The MK2035GSS weighs only 98 grams and features lower power consumption compared to the traditional 3.5-inch HDDs. Toshiba's 200GB HDD provides mobile PC manufacturers the ideal combination of capacity and power to manufacture and market mobile PCs as a replacement for traditional desktop computers. The MK2035GSS incorporates the Serial ATA (SATA) II interface and is ATA-7 compliant, supporting high transfer rates of up to 150 megabytes per second.
D6838852	Ultra quiet and efficient Intel CPU coolers at an affordable price. Due to the highly efficient thermal design and PWM function, with which the BIOS controls the fan speed of the Alpine, performs significantly quieter than the standard boxed cooler.
D6838854	Silentium T ECO 80 is a high efficient and ECO friendly PC case that is designed to provide enough power for quad core CPU and dual video card configurations under continuous full load operation, fulfilling the enthusiast gamers demanding requirements.
D6838855	The Silencer T-Series is the first PC Tower case, which in terms of thermodynamics does not follow the ATX standard of the mid 1990s. This case was developed from scratch based on the idea of noise reduction and optimal thermodynamic properties.Warm air emitted from the CPU cooler rises unhindered towards the top of the case blown out of the case via 2 temperature-controlled fans spinning at max. 1900 RPM. This stops the CPU cooler from simply churning the same warm air over and over again.Cool air is drawn inside the case towards the CPU cooler and expansion cards. This allows for the temperature of sensitive components to decrease significantly.The power supply is cooled via 2 temperature controlled fans spinning at max.1900 RPM. Thanks to the lower position of the power supply a smaller airflow is sufficient for cooling.The case has been designed from start with the goal to reduce the noise to an absolute minimum. Openings to the front of the case were intentionally left out.Air exhaustion and power supply cooling have been configured for a high end PC, despite this high-end configuration the system operates virtually silent.Audio In and Out as well as two USB 2.0 connectors are included in the front bezel. The IEEE 1394 (FireWire) connector is optional.An aluminum frame muffles the hard drive noise and at the same time keeps it cool. The suspended frame stops vibrations from carrying over on to the chassis.
D6838857	The Silentium T-Series is the first PC Tower case, which in terms of thermodynamics does not follow the ATX standard of the mid 1990s. This case was developed from scratch based o­n the idea of noise reduction and optimal thermodynamic properties.Warm air emitted from the CPU cooler rise unhindered towards the top of the case blown out of the case via 2 temperature controlled fans spinning at max. 1900 RPM. This stops the CPU cooler from simply churning the same warm air over and over again.Cool air is drawn inside the case towards the CPU cooler and expansion cards. This allows for the temperature of sensitive components to decrease significantly.The power supply is cooled via 2 temperature controlled fans spinning at max.1900 RPM. Thanks to the lower position of the power supply a smaller airflow is sufficient for cooling.The case has been designed from start with the goal to reduce the noise to an absolute minimum. Openings to the front of the case were intentionally left out.Air exhaustion and power supply cooling have been configured for a high end PC, despite this high end configuration the system operates virtually silent.Audio In and Out as well as two USB 2.0 connectors are included in the front bezel. The IEEE 1394 (FireWire) connector is optional.An aluminum frame muffles the hard drive noise and at the same time keeps it cool. The suspended frame stops vibrations from carrying over o­n to the chassis.
D6843104	Are you running out of hard drive capacity? Do you need to archive some important digital documents, photos, or music? This elegant external hard drive, reminiscent of a book, is the perfect solution. It takes no more space than a paperback book. Collect two or more and they nest neatly together like volumes on a shelf.
D6843107	Small, simple, elegant, and very easy to use. Just plug it in, and you've got plenty of room to back up and save your valuable data, music, photos, and movies.Are you running out of hard drive capacity? Do you need to archive some important digital documents, photos, or music? This elegant external hard drive, reminiscent of a book, is the perfect solution. It takes no more space than a paperback book. Collect two or more and they nest neatly together like volumes on a shelf.
D6843108	Are you running out of hard drive capacity? Do you need to archive some important digital documents, photos, or music? This elegant external hard drive, reminiscent of a book, is the perfect solution. It takes no more space than a paperback book. Collect two or more and they nest neatly together like volumes on a shelf.
D6843195	ZEN puts a world of entertainment at your fingertips. This amazing, credit card-sized digital media player, with its incredible screen, is the ultimate choice when you want to enjoy your music, movies and photos, whether downloaded from your digital library or from web sites around the world. Complete with built-in FM radio, it also includes an SD card slot, so you can add extra memory or more entertainment whenever you want. If you're ready for a world of enjoyment, then you're ready for ZEN!
D6843196	This is the Creative ZEN at a glance. Decked out in an all-black suit, the Creative ZEN is smaller than your average credit card and sits snugly right in your palm. With an attractive 11.3mm thickness, this sleek player weighs a mere 65g, allowing you to carry it around easily. And with its patented ZEN user interface, which offers more information to be viewed on the screen, navigating through mass content is simply a breeze.
D6843629	PRODUCT FEATURES:To connect computers to a network for exampleSuitable for service people and engineersIdeal when on the move (e.g. traveling, with notebooks)2 x RJ45 male, 1.2 m retractable wire
D6843995	Welcome to the next generation of digital SLR photography - the Canon EOS 40D. The EOS 40D combines Canon's tremendous know-how in both the digital and photographic worlds, creating a camera that not only does everything one would expect of a traditional digital SLR, but one that incorporates staggering leaps forward in technological innovation. With new features like Canon's EOS Integrated Cleaning System, Live View Function, a more powerful DIGIC III Image Processor, plus a 10.1-megapixel CMOS sensor, a 3.0-inch LCD monitor and more, the EOS 40D elevates digital photography to new heights, enhancing the shooting experience, and delivering images one could only expect from a Canon.
D6843996	This kit includes a Canon EOS 40D camera and EF-S 17-85mm lens.Welcome to the next generation of digital SLR photography - the Canon EOS 40D. The EOS 40D combines Canon's tremendous know-how in both the digital and photographic worlds, creating a camera that not only does everything one would expect of a traditional digital SLR, but one that incorporates staggering leaps forward in technological innovation. With such features like Canon's EOS Integrated Cleaning System, Live View Function, a more powerful DIGIC III Image Processor, plus a 10.1-megapixel CMOS sensor, a 3.0-inch LCD monitor and more, the EOS 40D elevates digital photography to new heights, enhancing the shooting experience, and delivering images one could only expect from a Canon.Equivalent to a 28-135mm lens, this EF-S lens brings true wide-angle to telecoverage to EOS 20D and Digital Rebel shooters. It has Canon's Image Stabilization system, allowing safe hand-holding at speeds up to three stops slower than otherwise possible. And of course, it's optically optimized for digital SLRs. A ring-type USM means both fast and silent AF, as well as full-time manual focus when in the AF mode.
D6843997	The Canon EOS-1Ds Mark III is an engineering tour de force which, true to the EOS-1 legacy, redefines the state of the art in no uncertain terms. An entirely new 21.1-megapixel full-frame Canon CMOS sensor delivers astounding image quality and creates new photographic possibilities. Dual "DIGIC III" Image Processors work in tandem to speed up data handling and camera operation, while further refining imaging performance.Tough, high-durability body and shutter designs, combined with the unique EOS Integrated Cleaning System, set new standards for professional dependability. Cutting-edge features-such as a large 3.0-inch LCD monitor with Live View Function, and a fast, precise 45-point AF system-make the EOS-1Ds Mark III powerful and versatile. And, of course, the EOS-1Ds Mark III is part of the unparalleled EOS System, which, with more than 50 EF lenses, 15 interchangeable focusing screens, and extensive wireless, remote control and lighting accessories, is the most advanced and powerful digital photography system in the world.
D6844003	Marketing description is not available.
D6846436	The compact and affordable EF-S 55-250mm f/4-5.6 IS offers powerful telephoto performance. Its 4-stop Image Stabilizer with automatic panning detection effectively suppresses blur in low light.The EF-S 55-250mm f/4-5.6 IS is a telephoto zoom lens combining powerful performance with high image quality. With a focal length equivalent of 88-400mm in 35mm format, it is ideal for photographers seeking an affordable, versatile lens for general-purpose telephoto photography.To combat the effects of camera shake, the EF-S 55-250mm f/4-5.6 IS incorporates Canon's latest 4-stop compensation Image Stabilizer technology. This allows the use of shutter speeds up to 4 times slower with no perceptible increase in image blur. Automatic panning detection automatically turns off the Image Stabilizer in either the horizontal or vertical direction when following moving subjects.The EF-S 55-250mm f/4-5.6 IS employs a Canon UD (Ultra-low Dispersion) lens element to suppress the effects of secondary chromatic aberrations - for crisp, sharp, high-contrast images without fringing throughout the zoom range.
D6846458	Compact and affordable, the EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS is the ideal general-purpose standard zoom. Its 4-stop Image Stabilizer provides great performance in low light conditions.The EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS is a high-quality, standard zoom lens that will appeal to photographers who prefer to travel light. With a focal length equivalent of 29-88mm in 35mm format, the lens' wide zoom range is suitable for most general photography. For close-up work, auto focus continues to work at distances of just 0.25m (25cm) throughout the zoom range.To minimize risk of image blur, the EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS incorporates Canon's latest 4-stop compensation Image Stabilizer technology. This allows photographers to use shutter speeds up to 4 times slower with no perceptible increase in image blur - ideal for shooting in low light.As well as ensuring true color balance and sharp, high contrast images, Super Spectra coatings combat ghosting and flare by absorbing light reflecting off digital camera sensors or internal lens elements. An aspherical lens element delivers crisp, high contrast images even with the aperture fully opened.
D6846459	The exacting professional's ultra wide-angle lens, the EF 14mm f/2.8L II USM uses UD and aspherical elements for paramount image quality. A maximum f/2.8 aperture ensures great low light performance.Covering a breathtaking 114° field of view, the EF 14mm f/2.8L II USM goes beyond human perspective. Ideal for capturing small interiors, large subjects at close distances or dramatic landscapes, this highly expressive lens can also be used to create a strong sense of separation between close subjects and background.Like all L-series lenses, the EF 14mm f/2.8L II USM combines precision optics with unsurpassed build quality, reliability and ease of use. Dust and moisture seals offer advanced protection from the elements, even in harsh weather conditions. A maximum aperture of f/2.8 allows for fast, flash-free shooting in low light settings, plus good depth of field control.For optimum visual performance, the lens incorporates two types of special elements: aspherical elements to correct spherical aberrations, and Super UD (ultra-low dispersion) elements to eliminate secondary chromatic aberrations. The result is crisp, high contrast and undistorted image quality all the way to the frame peripheries.Canon's ring USM auto focus system employs ultra-sonic frequency vibrations for fast, accurate and virtually silent operation with excellent holding torque. Full-time manual focus override, via a large ring that does not rotate during auto focus, allows photographers to begin fine-tuning a shot instantly.
D6846513	Canon is a leader in professional business and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. By developing innovative, high-quality business solutions Canon makes it easy to create, manage, and share images and information better, faster, and more efficiently.
D6846517	Marketing description is not available.
D6847263	Elite 333 features superior thermal solution and easy installation. Black meshed front panel forms the succinct appearance. Just as its name - Elite 333, it is presented to those people who would like to start holding high-quality products in the their arm. Undoubtedly, It would be pity for you to miss it.
D6850009	LG's Super Multi DVD Rewriter, featuring SecurDisc technology, meets the market's need for high secure data protection and content access control when writing data in CD and DVD formats. GSA-H55N provides both professional and private users with the means necessary to protect and share data securely. While some optical disc drives support password encryption as the only security function, GSA-H55N offers the following features to protect a disc at the user and storage level using SecurDisc technology: password protection, digital signature, data integrity check, data reliability, copy protection.It protects user data against unauthorized access through password protection. A digital signature can be applied to all data to allow recipients to verify data authenticity. Further, checksums are stored on the disc to verify data integrity and readability, and users do not need to worry about dependability with maximum data reliability through redundancy storage and defect data management system.
D6850134	Sleek and fast, this powerful scanner will impress you the very first time you push power. With high-luminance white LED lamps - it's ready to scan immediately, with no warm-up time needed. You'll quickly produce spectacular results, with max. color dpi resolution of 4800 x 9600. Seven easy buttons automate the scanning process, so it's simple to scan, copy and create e-mails and multi-page PDFs. Built-in FARE 3.0 retouching technology helps to enhance your final images. And to save time, you can batch-scan up to twelve 35mm frames or up to four slides - either positives or negatives.
D6850135	PowerShot SX100 IS will inspire you with its phenomenal 10x Optical Zoom...and so much more. There's the 8.0-megapixel CCD and Optical Image Stabilizer for shake-free shooting. Plus, the DIGIC III Image Processor with advanced Face Detection, Face Selector Button and Red-eye Correction assure superb results every time. Auto ISO Shift and ISO 1600 make low light shooting easy. The large Mode Dial lets you select Scene Modes or full manual control effortlessly.
D6850142	Canon Waterproof Cases are specially designed to protect your Digital Camera from sea water and sand. Reliable and easy to use, these cases offer new shooting possibilities and help you realize the full potential of digital photography.
D6850143	Take great underwater shots and be worry-free during inclement weather with the WP-DC18. It is waterproof to 100 feet.
D6850144	You can use this case to take underwater shots at depths of up to 40 meters, and it is idea for taking worry-free pictures in the rain, at the beach, or on the ski slopes.
D6850145	Canon Waterproof Cases are specially designed to protect your Digital Camera from sea water and sand. Reliable and easy to use, these cases offer new shooting possibilities and help you realize the full potential of digital photography.
D6850146	Canon Waterproof Cases are specially designed to protect your Digital Camera from sea water and sand. Reliable and easy to use, these cases offer new shooting possibilities and help you realize the full potential of digital photography.
D6850460	Marketing description is not available.
D6850461	Marketing description is not available.
D6850776	Marketing description is not available.
D6850886	Trust Computer Products provides a complete, innovative and affordable range of technological products. The key principle in developing products is to offer variation, pleasure, relaxation and excitement to the user, a principle Trust aims to fulfill.PRODUCT FEATURES:2.1 speaker set with wooden subwoofer and a total RMS power output of 15 Watt;Subwoofer with volume control on the front panel;2 satellite speakers for desktop use or wall mounting.
D6850992	Protect the "data" on your visible screen in the office or on the move. There are some things in life that are great to share. Important personal or company documents are not amongst them. You would not pass your personal photo album or business documents to the person sitting next to you in an airport or on a plane.The digital age has replaced traditional paper documents and photographs with electronic files and digital pictures. So protect whatever information is on your screen from wandering eyes with a Targus Privacy Screen. The Privacy Screen is a micro slim film that covers the notebook/ LCD screen and only allows normal viewing from directly in front of it, whilst also reducing glare from the screen and protecting it from damage.
D6851314	Engage your senses in high fidelity audio with the GigaWorks HD50 desktop speakers.Amazingly compact, this stylish speakers pack incredible power and performance from the all-new Creative High Definition Drivers (CHDD). Start listening to greater detail in your music like never before for the CHDD delivers outstanding bass at a mere 2" in diameter and boasts a titanium super tweeter that defines higher frequencies, such as string instruments, for smoother and more accurate audio. Complementing this all-rounded aural experience is the cutting-edge BasXPort technology, which puts the boom in any room. This effective sound wave management system lets you enjoy bass effects even without a physical subwoofer.Complete with premium components and a polished finishing, the GigaWorks HD50 puts you right at the forefront of high fidelity audio at an incredibly compact size.
D6851604	This heavy duty laser fax with advanced fax and copy functionality is ideal for large, busy offices.
D6851605	The Canon i-SENSYS FAX-L3000IP is a heavy duty, network laser fax with advanced fax, copy and print functionality. It is able to meet the most demanding workloads. Optional SEND functionality enhances productivity and compatibility.
D6851786	AOpen is an established market leader, from motherboards to monitors, to multimedia add-on cards, and more. With AOpen products, you are guaranteed the latest in technology development at competitive prices. And because AOpen controls design and manufacturing, from the drawing board to the finished product, the quality of that product is ensured.
D6854288	Equipped with the revolutionary 4000dpi Razer Precision 3G Laser sensor, the Razer Lachesis gaming mouse takes on the same lethal traits as its namesake that will send shivers down your enemies' spines. Add 32KB of onboard memory, nine programmable Hyperesponse buttons, as well as an impressive 1000Hz Ultrapolling with 1ms response time, and you've got a formidable weapon in your arsenal of destruction. Victory beckons - move in for the kill.
D6857679	The Twin2X2048-6400C4DHX is a 2048MByte matched pair of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 800MHz at the low latencies of 4-4-4-12.
D6866479	PRODUCT FEATURES:Max. 250GB formatted capacity per diskSATA native command queuing feature setEnable / disable staggered spin-upHot-plug and presence detectDevice initiated power managementATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantATA automatic acoustic management feature setATA 48-bit address feature setAsynchronous notificationNoiseGuardSilentSeek
D6867418	Extending Corsair's legendary reputation in performance and quality, the Corsair VX family of power supplies features the industry's most efficient power management and ultra-quiet design for mainstream users.Unlike most power supplies in the market, the Corsair VX incorporates a single +12V power rail that delivers continuous power under heavy loads. This conservative design ensures reliable operation in today's most demanding system configurations and adds compatibility for future platforms.The unique combination of rock solid performance and incredible value puts the Corsair VX family of power supplies in a class of its own. Ideal for home theater PCs and ENERGY STAR PCs, the VX line maximizes energy savings and minimum noise generation thanks to double-forward switching circuitry design.
D6867708	PRODUCT FEATURES:SMA reversed jackGold plated contactsRG 316 coaxial cable
D6868892	Marketing description is not available.
D6868894	Marketing description is not available.
D6868895	PRODUCT FEATURES:Access and control up to four PCs with one PS/2 keyboard, mouse and one DVI monitorSupport standard PS/2 mouse, MS Intelli MouseFully supports MS IntelliPoint 5.0 & Logitech Mouseware driversResolution up to 1280x1024 pixels, DDC2Selection via Push button, HotkeyEasy install - no additional software requiredHot Plug 'n' PlayKeyboard and mouse emulation for errorfree system bootAutoscan (5,10,15,20,25,30 sec.), autoskip19" rackmount brackets 1U
D6869324	Marketing description is not available.
D6869325	Marketing description is not available.
D6869326	Marketing description is not available.
D6870669	Sing along with a USB microphone that ensures high-quality audio input.
D6871144	When looking at the CM 690, it's easy to be taken in by its bold lines and superb styling. But don't let its exterior fool you - the CM 690 is a lot more than just a pretty face. By utilizing a unique mesh design, the CM 690 effectively blends together form and function, offering users a mid-tower chassis without compromise.
D6871709	PRODUCT FEATURES:Aluminum caseFor 3,5" SATA hard diskUSB2.0 interface up to 480Mb/s / eSATA Interface up to 3.0Gb/sPlug and play and hot swapVertical and horizontal usableLCD display for status, HDD access, temperature and usageAdjustable 40x40x10mm fan (OFF/High/Low)For PC and MACExternal power supply 100~240V 34W
D6872069	22" wide active matrix TFT1000:1 contrastWSXGA+ 1680 x 1050 resolution5 ms response timeAnti-glare display surface
D6872385	Imagine the excitement and sense of pride that this sleek jewel of a printer will bring to your life. Banish unattractive technology and welcome a trendy laser that will sparkle on your desk and light up your printouts. With Samsung SCX-4500 it’s not that hard to imagine.
D6872789	NVIDIA Quadro FX 1700 by PNY Technologies graphics boards deliver exceptional price/performance and quality for professional applications. NVIDIA's innovative unified architecture allows the FX 1700 to dynamically allocate geometry, shading, and compute processing power to deliver optimized performance while enabling Energy Star power savings. A GDDR2 frame buffer makes the FX 1700 Microsoft Vista ready and capable of displaying the full Windows Aero user interface. The reference standard for Shader Model 4.0, the NVIDIA Quadro FX 1700 by PNY enables next generation ultra-realistic, realtime OpenGL and DirectX 10 visualization applications. With two dual-link DVI-I connectors, the FX 1700 offers superb image quality.The NVIDIA Quadro FX 1700 by PNY takes CAD, DCC and visualization applications to new levels of interactivity by enabling unprecedented capabilities in programmability and precision. The industry's leading workstation applications leverage Quadro GPU technology to enable hardware-accelerated features, performance, and quality - along with certification for stability and superb display quality. The NVIDIA Quadro FX 1700 by PNY delivers an outstanding blend of price/performance that makes it an ideal component of any professional workstation.
D6874183	Samsung ML-D1630A original toner offers high quality documents with its best equipment. It has wider grayscale to express sharpened images. Also, a proven Samsung technology makes you satisfy the most.
D6874270	Imagine the excitement and sense of pride that this sleek jewel of a printer will bring to your life. Banish unattractive technology and welcome a trendy laser that will sparkle on your desk and light up your printouts. With Samsung ML-1630 it’s not that hard to imagine.
D6875466	The Logitech Deluxe 250 Keyboard offers a comfortable, conservative design with drain holes for spill-resistance and overlay-ready F-row keys. It's an extremely comfortable keyboard that will enhance any PC.
D6875844	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D6876778	Flash Survivor is an extremely durable, water resistant, drop-tested flash USB memory drive. By design it is perfect for transporting valuable data such as personal files, photos and applications without having to worry about damage or loss of data due to the elements.
D6880570	Marketing description is not available.
D6880575	For school and certain circumstances people need desktop. Although the total demands of desktops are declining, yet Chieftec keeps on servicing those customers. Owing to the well developed ventilation technology, the desktop can be equipped with the most advanced CPU.
D6882024	AcerAdvantage is a warranty extension program for Acer products. The goal of the AcerAdvantage program is to ensure Acer customers that they can count on dedicated and timely service in order to better use the product they purchased. Your work deserves protection and Acer is offering you the chance to continually use its products with the AcerAdvantage warranty extension program.
D6882374	Belkin's Messenger Bag brings you the comfort of a lightweight case with the features and capacity of a much larger model. This case provides a plush notebook compartment for secure mobility. Made-for-you organization inside holds everything in its place, including MP3 players, cell phones, business cards, pens, and other accessories. A separate pouch stows your power adapter and cables. The unique thin-design strap contours nicely to your shoulder for optimal comfort with minimal bulk and weight.
D6882384	Belkin's Messenger Bag brings you the comfort of a lightweight case with the features and capacity of a much larger model. This case provides a plush notebook compartment for secure mobility. Made-for-you organization inside holds everything in its place, including MP3 players, cell phones, business cards, pens, and other accessories. A separate pouch stows your power adapter and cables. Belkin unique thin-design strap contours nicely to your shoulder for optimal comfort with minimal bulk and weight.
D6883025	PRODUCT FEATURES:Stylish designed 2.0 speaker set with a total RMS power output of 7 Watt2-way speaker technology providing high sound qualityEasy accessible headphone connection and volume control at the sideCompact, space saving
D6883031	PRODUCT FEATURES:High quality 2.1 speaker set with wooden subwoofer and a total RMS power output of 50 WattWired volume remote control with integrated 3.5 mm connection for MP3/iPod and headphonesSubwoofer with large 5.25" speaker and bass reflex design for extra deep bassTilted design satellite speakers for best listening positionExtra bass control on the back of the subwooferAlso suitable for DVD players and other audio devices with analogue RCA output
D6883579	Good intel and the proper gear are the keys to victory, even in gaming. The Logitech G15 keyboard keeps you informed and outfitted to win.With the Logitech-exclusive GamePanel LCD, you can easily find out what server your friends are using to play Battlefield 2142, or receive notification when your World of Warcraft battleground becomes available. You can even identify who's speaking in Ventrilo. Create useful macros on the fly and play them back with a single press of a G-key. Illuminated characters allow you to play late into the night.The Logitech G15 gives you a winning advantage, and everyone knows it's more fun when you win.
D6884041	PRODUCT FEATURES:Solid sheet in light grey
D6884434	PRODUCT FEATURES:Universal designFluid mechanics cooling solutionSuperior cooling performanceBest airflow design exhausts hot air from inside of chassis
D6885886	Connect your iPhone to portable speakers, sound cards, or home-stereo devices for great sound quality - with the Belkin Mini-Stereo Cable for iPhone.
D6885974	Share printers and access media - wirelessly. Wireless access to USB printers, media readers, external hard drives and more using your existing wireless network.
D6890064	The MK2546GSX offers the industries highest areal density per platter, at 200.1 gigabits per square inch. The drive's 5400 RPM motor speed, improves system-level performance by as much as 12 percent when compared to 4200 RPM.This drive offers enough capacity for portable video recording and editing, with lower power consumption compared to the traditional 3.5-inch HDDs. This functionality provides ideal storage for a range of commercial and consumer notebooks, as well as non-PC applications such as PDAs, printers, copiers, GPS systems and MP3 players. The MK2546GSX incorporates the Serial ATA (SATA) 3.0Gbps interface and is ATA-8 compliant, supporting high transfer rates of up to 300 megabytes per second.
D6891521	Enthusiasts looking for the optimal in price performance PSU technology will find the Corsair TX750W meet even the most demanding of required specifications. The Corsair TX750W power supply is engineered using advanced technology and components typically found with high performance power supplies. With design features such as a dedicated, single +12V rail, the Corsair TX750W offers the maximum compatibility with the latest system components. Energy efficient circuitry capable of delivering greater than 80% efficiency ratings across 20%, 50%, and 100% load conditions make the TX family of PSUs ideal for the value/quality conscious enthusiast. With a large 140mm diameter temperature-controlled fan that is ultra quiet, yet still more than sufficient to cool the internals of the system, reliability and stability are no longer worries for the gamer, overclocker or enthusiast and high-end system builder.
D6892239	PRODUCT FEATURES:ATA Security Mode feature setUltra DMA Mode 5(UDMA100) compatibleATA S.M.A.R.T. feature setTuMR/PMR head with FOD technologySilentSeekSupports Automatic Acoustic Management(AAM)NoiseGuardLoad/Unload head technology
D6894005	Grabster AV 400 MX and the full version of MAGIX Movies on CD & DVD TerraTec Edition are the perfect team to make great VCDs, SVCDs and DVDs with just a few clicks. Transfer your videos in full DVD resolution via the external USB converter on your notebook or PC. Then use the video and slideshow editing features and fully customisable motion menus to save your precious memories in premium quality on CD and DVD.No matter which source you choose: Grabster AV 400 MX supports any equipment with analog video outputs like VCRs, satellite receivers, DVD players, camcorders and many more. The encoding of your video data to MPEG 1/2 files is entirely done by the converter itself, which will keep the processor load low. Experience video to disc in one click - the fastest way to copy your movies to disc, without having to store the video onto your hard drive first!Just choose and modify a suitable menu template, and you'll make a professional-looking DVD in a few minutes! Try Multi-trim to easily get rid of unwanted video. Or add the excitement of full motion menus. Make your slideshows come to life - create transitions between photos and add titles to pictures. Even replace audio with music or voice-overs.In no time at all you can produce a professional DVD for your notebook, PC or DVD player and TV set - even on the road! Try One-Click-Disc-Copies to easily share your high quality videos and surprise your friends with a movie made on location! To top it all off you can even give your CDs and DVDs an appealing finish with exciting, print-quality labels.
D6894280	The SpinPoint M5 series utilizes perpendicular magnetic recording (PMR) technology, and the disk drive design has been optimized to allow ultra-precision adjustment of the head parking ramp position for high-density recording.The M5 Series has been developed specifically for portable consumer electronics, where the key to success lies in controlling noise, vibration and power consumption. Samsung's SpinPoint M5 hard drives are fifteen-percent quieter and use five-percent less energy than other models with the same storage capacity. The low-noise, low-power features are attractive to notebook PC or tablet PCs users.
D6894798	Few managed to get past the critically-acclaimed Razer Diamondback. None will survive its successor - the Razer Diamondback 3G. Boasting Razer's revolutionary 3G infrared sensor technology, the Razer Diamondback 3G is a fragging masterpiece, unequaled even in the most treacherous of gaming confrontations.The 3G infrared sensor in the Razer Diamondback 3G enables movement speeds at 2.25 times faster when compared to a standard 800dpi optical sensor. Before the enemy sees you, he's been fragged.The Razer Diamondback 3G allows gamers to program button functions while Razer's Hyperesponse technology reduces latency for optimum gameplay.With On-The-Fly Sensitivity adjustment, you can switch sensitivity settings right in the midst of a fierce battle!
D6895192	The 300Mbps Wireless N Gigabit Gaming Router incorporates the latest wireless and Gigabit networking technology to increase speed, range, security and reliability. The router provides unsurpassed gaming and network experience and performance.Advanced antenna and 802.11 N technology increases wireless data range and coverage. Enjoy lag-free gaming and file transfers on your wired Gigabit computers via the built-in Gigabit switch. This router features a powerful firewall and advanced wireless encryption for secured transmissions. Quality of Service (QoS) prioritization provides a seamless gaming and multimedia streaming experience. Increased speed, throughput and range make it the perfect solution to fulfill your gaming needs.
D6895194	The 2-Way Audio Internet Camera transmits real-time high quality video and audio over the Internet. See, hear and talk to people, in your camera's viewing area from any Internet connection. Complimentary SecurView camera management software allows you to monitor what you value most at home or at work.The camera provides crystal clear MPEG4 video streams over an Internet connection. A built-in microphone and optional speakers accommodate 2-way audio communication. Advanced intuitive software includes motion detection recording, email alerts, scheduled recordings and progressive search options. This camera's brilliant image quality, USB flash support and 2-way audio make it ideal for home, small office and business use.
D6895195	The Wireless 2-Way Audio Internet Camera transmits real-time high quality video and audio over the Internet. See, hear and talk to people, in your camera's viewing area from any Internet connection. Complimentary SecurView camera management software allows you to monitor what you value most at home or at work.The camera provides crystal clear MPEG4 video streams over a secure encrypted Internet connection. A built-in microphone and optional speakers accommodate 2-way audio communication. Advanced intuitive software includes motion detection recording, email alerts, scheduled recordings and progressive search options. This camera's brilliant image quality, USB flash support and 2-way audio make it ideal for home, small office and business use.
D6895197	The Wireless 2-Way Audio Day/Night Internet Camera transmits real-time high quality video and audio over the Internet. See, hear and talk to people, in your camera's viewing area during the day or in the dark, from any Internet connection. Complimentary SecurView camera management software allows you to monitor what you value most at home or at work.The camera provides crystal clear MPEG4 video streams over a secure encrypted Internet connection. The Infrared lens provides night monitoring for low light environment. A built-in microphone and optional speakers accommodate 2-way audio communication. Advanced intuitive software includes motion detection recording, email alerts, scheduled recordings and progressive search options. This cameras brilliant image quality, USB flash support, day and night capabilities and 2-way audio make it ideal for home, small office and business use.
D6898356	PRODUCT FEATURES:Die cast heatsink fin design maximizes the surface area for superior cooling performanceMade with aluminum for minimized weight and effective coolingNoiseless and durableAll-in-one multi-component cooling solution for RAM, FET and I/O chipsetHigh performance thermal tapes included for easy installation
D6899681	M12 series power supplies are with detachable modular DC cables. Designed for Do-It-Yourself (DIY) system builders, gamers and over-clocker enthusiasts. It provides stable power for high end, high performance graphics applications. It also provides system builders the flexibility to create the most suitable combination of connectors to minimize clutter and optimize airflow in their PC systems.M12 series is built to the highest quality and specifications. The double forward converter circuit design coupled with active power factor correction ensures that these power supplies achieve the highest efficiency ratings in the industry. Additionally, Seasonic's proprietary dual magnetic circuit design enables the M12 power supplies to maintain a tight 3% tolerance on the all important 12VDC output line which is so critical to gamers and over-clockers who seek stability even at maximum system loads.Another unique feature that sets the M12 series apart is the extra 6cm ball bearing fan which provides additional cooling and reduction of internal hot spots in the power supply. Like the main 12cm ball bearing fan, the 6cm fan is mounted on soft rubber grommets and is governed by Seasonic's high performance Super Silent Fan Control (S2FC). This special feature makes the Seasonic M12 series one of the most silent and well-cooled power supplies available on the market today.The Seasonic M12 series fulfills European Union regulations for RoHS, WEEE and major worldwide safety requirements. These power supplies represent the ultimate in modularity, efficiency, stability, silence and green innovation and redefine the term "high-end modular" PC power supplies.
D6899768	Marketing description is not available.
D6899770	Marketing description is not available.
D6899771	Marketing description is not available.
D6899772	Marketing description is not available.
D6899773	Canon's iR20xx Series of multifunctional devices make cost management easier and work more professional. With multiple capabilities and digital communication built in, they're compact and perfect for small and home offices.
D6899774	Canon's iR20xx Series of multifunctional devices make cost management easier and work more professional. With multiple capabilities and digital communication built in, they're compact and perfect for small and home offices.
D6899775	Canon's iR20xx Series of multifunctional devices make cost management easier and work more professional. With multiple capabilities and digital communication built in, they're compact and perfect for small and home offices.The Canon iR20xx Series of multifunctional devices are designed to offer small businesses and home offices a wide range of solutions that can meet your needs without the danger of paying for functionality that will never be used.With capabilities that include printing, scanning, copying and faxing - plus integrated digital communications, which allow users to scan a document in color and email it right away - the iR20xx enables companies to achieve greater levels of productivity at a lower cost, and operate even in a highly compact environment. The new models give a wide selection of new features as well, including faster output. Delivering superb value black-and-white printing, scanning and copying for up to A3 and at up to 1200dpi (with URFII lite) plus staple and collate finishing.They're also easy to keep running. e-Maintenance continually monitors the device and automatically emails a request for a technician should a problem arise. Expert service, including installation, training and on-site service as and when you need it, is available. And, if you need technical help, it's always on hand via Canon technicians.All devices in this range connect easily to your IT network, allowing you to add intelligent software solutions. iW Management Console, for example, helps you manage, monitor and control multiple networked devices from a single point of control. Remote User Interface gives easy access to any print device, from any connected PCs.As well as automatic sleep mode switching, the iR20xx range offers double-sided printing, and meets the requirements on the International Energy Star Program. All of which helps reduce costs and environmental impact.
D6899776	The iR2022i offers improved workgroup efficiency and productivity, crucial in driving down costs. Replacing those individual printer, copier and facsimile devices with just one compact and clever device.With Duplex finishing, best-in-class Color Send, Fax capabilities and a list of unique features, the iR2022i delivers much of the functionality normally found in large workgroup and enterprise image RUNNER devices, providing increased productivity and efficiency within small business and busy workgroups.
D6899777	The Canon iR20xx Series of multifunctional devices are designed to offer small businesses and home offices a wide range of solutions that can meet your needs without the danger of paying for functionality that will never be used.With capabilities that include printing, scanning, copying and faxing - plus integrated digital communications which allow users to scan a document in color and email it right away - the iR20xx enables companies to achieve greater levels of productivity at a lower cost, and operate even in a highly compact environment.
D6899778	Operating at speeds of up to 25 pages per minute (letter), the imageRUNNER 2025i provides a complete suite of functionality for small businesses and workgroups.The imageRUNNER 2025i offers advanced digital copying, network printing capabilities, automatic document feeding, and duplexing all as standard. Plus, the imageRUNNER 2025i provides black-and-white and full-color document distribution capabilities incorporating Canon's PDF High Compression technology for efficient handling of color documents on your network.Whether you're growing a company, or a corporate workgroup, the imageRUNNER 2025i will give you the tools you need to create and distribute the information that fuels your business.
D6899779	The Canon iR20xx Series of multifunctional devices are designed to offer small businesses and home offices a wide range of solutions that can meet your needs without the danger of paying for functionality that will never be used.With capabilities that include printing, scanning, copying and faxing - plus integrated digital communications which allow users to scan a document in color and email it right away - the iR20xx enables companies to achieve greater levels of productivity at a lower cost, and operate even in a highly compact environment.
D6899780	Operating at speeds of up to 30 pages per minute (letter) the imageRUNNER 2030i is a powerful multifunction device that allows small businesses and workgroups to take advantage of their network infrastructure and speed their business communications. With standard digital copying, network printing capabilities, and black-and-white and full-color document distribution capabilities, the imageRUNNER 2030i makes a great impression every time. Plus, with Canon's PDF High Compression technology, the imageRUNNER 2030i minimizes the file size of scanned color documents, while maintaining their image quality.With all of its advanced features and capabilities, the imageRUNNER 2030i is the ideal solution to meet the daily challenges faced in increasingly sophisticated communications environments.
D6899781	Marketing description is not available.
D6899782	Marketing description is not available.
D6899783	Marketing description is not available.
D6899784	Marketing description is not available.
D6899785	Marketing description is not available.
D6899786	Super G3 Fax Board allows you to transform your device into an advanced, yet easy-to-use fax machine. With Canon's superior image quality, you can be assured that both sent and received fax transmissions will be clear and legible.
D6899787	Marketing description is not available.
D6899850	Marketing description is not available.
D6903322	PRODUCT FEATURES:Motherboard connector for 20-pin and 24-pin sockets12V CPU power connector for 4-pin and 8-pin socketsPCI-E supports present PCI-E 6-pin and future PCI-E 8-pin specification of graphic cardCopper-shielding PCI-E cables with patent REMI technology to reduce ripple and noise and enhance display performanceUnique ground wire with golden pin can release static electricity from power supply and avoid damageInternal OVP (Over Voltage Protection) and OCP (Over Current Protection) function avoids sudden power surge damage peripherals
D6903679	The 188A case is a low price computer case with a lot of nice features like 2 x USB 2.0 and audio ports in the front panel. The high value design with scratch resistant rubber coating in the front is also very interesting for system integrators. You can use the same cooling configuration in the backside as well to cool all components additionally. The front of the 188A has a door and a beautiful silk skin with acrylic parts design.
D6903849	HPU-4M880 represents the new ultra-efficient (85%) power solutions of the Type M Series with the well-known HIPER Mesh-Design in an environmental-friendly packaging.
D6903850	PRODUCT FEATURES:8 x USB port + 1 x portable device charger portPCI-E 8 pin x 2NVIDIA SLI - ready certified up to dual GeForce 8800 ultra4 x independent 12V railsMesh body construction allows immediate heat dissipation and extends the life of the unitComplies with latest ATX12V v2.2 / EPS12V v2.91 form factorsFully compatible with AMD 64 bit and Intel LGA processorsGold plated connectors for minimum power loss and optimal conductivityPCI-E 6 pin, PCI-E 8 pin, SATA, Molex with EZ-Grip, floppy, P8 & P4 connectors20 dB(A) under normal load
D6903851	8 x USB port + 1 x portable device charger portUltra-efficiency at ˜ 85%PCI-E 8 pin x 2NVIDIA SLI - Ready4 x independent 12V railsMesh body construction allows immediate heat dissipation and extends the life of the unitComplies with latest ATX12V v2.2 / EPS12V v2.91 form factorsFully compatible with AMD 64 bit and Intel LGA processorsActive PFCGold plated connectors for minimum power loss and optimal conductivityPCI-E 6 pin, PCI-E 8 pin, SATA, Molex with EZ-Grip, floppy, P8 & P4 connectors20 dB(A) under normal load
D6903852	This series is dedicated to PC enthusiasts that value design just as much as almost unlimited power, high end quality, super silent and extremely efficient performance. It comes with blue LED fan and the popular Hiper ToolBox packed with nice accessories. This series also has the unique patented Hiper feature: total of 8 integrated USB 2.0 ports, plus one convenient USB-style port for charging most mobile devices even when the computer is powered off.
D6903853	PRODUCT FEATURES:8 x USB port + 1 x portable device charger portUltra-efficiency at ˜ 85%New PCI-E 8 pin availableNVIDIA SLI - Ready Certified up to Dual GeForce 8800 GTS, GeForce 8800 GT, or Dual GeForce 7950 GX2Extender4 x independent 12V railsMesh body construction allows immediate heat dissipation and extends the life of the unitComplies with latest ATX12V v2.2 / EPS12V v2.91 form factorsFully compatible with AMD 64 bit and Intel LGA processorsActive PFCGold plated connectors for minimum power loss and optimal conductivityPCI-E 6 pin, PCI-E 8 pin, SATA, Molex with EZ-Grip, floppy, P8 & P4 connectorsModular power cord (European model only)20 dB(A) under normal loadFree travel PAK
D6905770	PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports 1,8"/2,5"/3,5" IDE and Serial ATA HardDiskSupports SATA, SATA IICompliance with USB 2.0 (Hi-Speed)Compliance with USB Mass Storage ClassSupports 480Mbps High Speed (HS) and 12Mbps Full Speed USB operationSupports ATA/ATAPI Ultra DMA ModeSupports ATA/ATAPI PACKET command feature setSupports ATA/ATAPI LBA48 bit addressing modeSupports dual LUN (Logic Unit Number) with automatically master/slave enumerationHigh-Speed Data Transfer, Low Power ConsumptionRed / green LED's indicating operation
D6907012	Equipped with the revolutionary 4000dpi Razer Precision 3G Laser sensor, the Razer Lachesis gaming mouse takes on the same lethal traits as its namesake that will send shivers down your enemies' spines. Add 32KB of onboard memory, nine programmable Hyperesponse buttons, as well as an impressive 1000Hz Ultrapolling with 1ms response time, and you've got a formidable weapon in your arsenal of destruction. Victory beckons - move in for the kill.
D6907189	PRODUCT FEATURES:12 cm front cooling fanBent-in edges ensure safety assemblyProvide excellent thermal solution (PCI-Express ventilation holes and air guide)Safe and easy design for component upgrade and maintenanceStandard ATX tower, support ATX, MicroATX and Flex ATX MB
D6907204	The 64 PWM is extremely quiet by patented fan casing. The low speed 92 mm fan reduces the noise level to a minimum. The patented fan holder is able to practically eliminate the typical buzzing sound of 92 mm fans.
D6907319	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D6907341	PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports Hyper-Threading TechnologyNorthbridge: Intel 945GC A2Southbridge: Intel ICH7Intel Graphics Media Accelerator 950, DirectX 9.0 and maximum shared memory 224MBHybrid Booster - safe overclocking technologyUntied Overclocking : during overclocking, FSB enjoys better margin due to fixed PCIE/ PCI BusesReady-to-use USB portsHD 7.1 channel audio jacks
D6908317	PRODUCT FEATURES:ATA Security Mode Feature SetUltra DMA Mode 5(UDMA100) CompatibleATA S.M.A.R.T. Feature SetTuMR/PMR head with FOD technologySilentSeekSupport Automatic Acoustic Management(AAM)NoiseGuardLoad/Unload Head Technology
D6909102	Toshiba America Information Systems, (TAIS), Storage Device Division introduces the MK3252GSX 2.5-inch 320GB Hard Disk Drive. The MK3252GSX offers the industries highest areal density per platter, at 200.1 gigabits per square inch. The drive's 5400 RPM motor speed, improves system-level performance by as much as 12 percent when compared to 4200 RPM.This drive offers enough capacity for portable video recording and editing, with lower power consumption compared to the traditional 3.5-inch HDDs. This functionality provides ideal storage for a range of commercial and consumer notebooks, as well as non-PC applications such as PDAs, printers, copiers, GPS systems and MP3 players.
D6909503	PRODUCT FEATURES:External aluminum case for 2,5" SATA hard disk driveStatus and operation displayFancy design in handy formatHot Swap, Plug & PlayUSB2.0 up to 480Mb/sUSB-powered
D6909506	Precious external case with leather for 2.5" SATA HDD, features "build in cable" with USB 2.0 interface and USB bus power.
D6909508	PRODUCT FEATURES:External aluminum 3,5" caseAluminum case with lateral gridPlug & Play and hot swapStatus LED for power and accessLow noise without fanPower switch on the backVertical and horizontal settalableSupports 3,5" SATA I/II HDDUSB 2.0 host interfacePower supply, data cables and socket in the scope of supplyWithout disk capacity limit
D6909514	PRODUCT FEATURES:For home and office networksNumer of users and groups not limitedEasy configuration via web browserSupports two 3,5" SATA HDD of any sizeGigabit Ethernet network2x USB client interface for printer, HDDs, USB SticksOne Touch BackupRAID0, 1, Span (NRAID), JBOD7 Server in oneQuit case - temperature controlled fanLow power consumption
D6940417	To squeeze out the extreme power from a GPU, an ultimate cooling solution was born. Arctic Cooling unveiled the Accelero Xtreme series, the long awaited ultimate cooling weapon for all hardcore gamers.
D6940418	To squeeze out the extreme power from a GPU, an ultimate cooling solution was born. Arctic Cooling unveiled the Accelero Xtreme series, the long awaited ultimate cooling weapon for all hardcore gamers.
D6943468	With the Logitech Cordless MediaBoard, you can easily communicate on the Playstation Network. Set up profiles, edit accounts and send text messages! You'll no longer need to enter text with a standard controller, and with the keyboard's built-in touchpad, there's no need for a separate mouse - navigate menus quickly with vertical scrolling and Left/Right mouse quick-keys. The lightweight design and slim, stylish profile make the Logitech Cordless MediaBoard easy to handle, use, and store away.
D6946247	PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports hyper-threading technologyIntel 945GC A2 chipset1 x PCI Express x16 slotHybrid booster - safe overclocking technology
D6948380	The Kublai series tower chassis are made for computer enthusiasts who require a ferocious and swift system performance and a finely balanced system with cooling and quietness but without the extra features from the flagship Temjin series chassis. Constructed with steel body and aluminum front panel, the Kublai tower chassis retains the best qualities from both types of metal.The KL02 is finely finished in the same method that follows SilverStone's Temjin series. With creative movable drive bays, KL02 also provides user a flexible interior layout. The superior airflow design and side venting holes illustrate that the classis is highly organized and tuned to deliver great cooling performance for any modern components with a pair of standard 120mm fans. For those looking to build a medium sized system with high quality enclosure, the KL02 is an excellent choice.
D6951547	Experience freedom of choice with the SELPHY ES2. Print from your computer, camera, or phone. Choose your layout, correct red eye and apply creative effects. Share the fun - at home or on the go.
D6951548	The vertical design of the SELPHY ES20 is a perfect fit for any interior. Slide in an Easy Photo Pack to explore creative options for personalized, lab-quality prints to delight family and friends.
D6954672	Marketing description is not available.
D6958893	With the Aureon Dual USB, you can upgrade your PC quickly and simply to a multi media center. Without the need to install any drivers or insert screws, the Aureon Dual USB can simply be connected to a free USB port on the computer - and you are ready to go.The small stick is very contact-friendly: a stereo output to connect to an active speaker system or head set, a microphone input and an optical digital output leave nothing else to be desired. Enjoy music, films and video games in perfect digital sound quality via your AV system. Particularly for notebooks without digital interface, the Aureon Dual USB is a great asset. But also for the standard PC in the office, where you can immediately enjoy a new sound dimension with the new mini stick. No matter if it's music, videos or games, no matter if you are chatting on the Internet or on the phone (VOIP) - you will always hit the right note with the Aureon Dual USB.
D6958894	DMX 6Fire USB is the perfect audio system from TerraTec for hi-fi fans, gamers and hobby musicians. The fantastic internal specifications include 24-bit/192 kHz, and the variety of connections feature four analog inputs and outputs, gain-controlled connections for microphone (XLR, 1.4"/6.3 mm combo jack) and headphone, digital I/O (coaxial and optical), monitor level control, USB 2.0 connection and a MIDI I/O. All of this makes the DMX 6Fire USB the perfect sound delivery system for advanced gamers who want surround sound, as well as a valuable and versatile helper in the home studio.
D6958896	Experience the unbelievable picture and audio quality of HDTV - now on your computer! The Cinergy S2 PCI HD supports the new DVB-S2 standard and receives High Definition TV (HDTV) in fully broadcasted resolution via satellite. Naturally, earlier DVB-S formats are still supported so that you don't have to do without any of your favorite broadcasters or digital radio programs.Record HDTV programs in full high-definition resolution and in H.264 format with the push of a button or via timer. With integrated MPEG 2/4 codec, you can also record previous formats in exceptional quality. You have the choice between manual and timed recording - even remote programming via Internet is supported. The computer boots up from standby or sleep mode precisely when the chosen television show begins and then saves it on your hard drive automatically. No matter how you plan your recordings, they can be viewed immediately, even while the recording is in progress. And when you are finished, you can burn your recordings directly to CD or DVD!The Cinergy S2 PCI HD has even more capabilities when used in conjunction with TerraTec Home Cinema software: Automatic optimization of aspect ratio, picture-in-picture function, Dolby digital (AC3) recording, teletext and subtitles, and user-defined favorites lists (genre, location), multi-tuner support, readily available help functions, and the commercial editor Cut!, which now makes it even easier to remove blocks of commercials. Sleek, and easy on your computer's resources, user-friendly, yet multifunctional - with the TerraTec Home Cinema, TerraTec has finally made the experience of watching television on your computer both real and complete! With the all-round solution from TerraTec, including remote control, you can enjoy perfect ease of use that is otherwise only available with expensive, hard-drive-based receivers.With the necessary extension already provided ex works, the Cinergy S2 PCI HD is perfectly suited for pay TV subscriptions. With the help of an optionally available Common Interface Module, all channels of your pay TV subscription are ready to be watched and recorded immediately - and naturally: in full broadcasted resolution up to full HD. TerraTec offers a versatile solution for this in the form of a PCI card (the Cinergy CI AddOn) or as a USB device (the Cinergy CI USB).
D6958897	The Cinergy Antenna XS is a compact, active indoor antenna for DVB-T reception. Thanks to its optimized range, the antenna receives all signals at exceptional quality with low noise and no distortion. The antenna is insensitive to interference from other networks.It can be positioned vertically or horizontally to achieve optimum reception. The power can be supplied either through the USB connection or through the receiver's jack. At the same time, the Cinergy Antenna XS can be used for all common DVB-T solutions. If the receiver does not provide phantom power, an auxiliary power adapter is available.
D6958899	The Cinergy Antenna Two is a compact, active indoor antenna with integrated picture frame for DVB-T and DAB reception. Thanks to its optimized range, the Cinergy Antenna Two receives signals at exceptional quality with low noise and no distortion. The antenna is insensitive to interference from other networks. The Cinergy Antenna Two can be positioned vertically or horizontally to achieve optimum reception. The power can be supplied either through the USB connection or through the receiver's jack.
D6958901	Experience the unbelievable picture and audio quality of HDTV - now on your computer! The Cinergy S2 PCI HD supports the new DVB-S2 standard and receives High Definition TV (HDTV) in fully broadcasted resolution via satellite. Naturally, earlier DVB-S formats are still supported so that you don't have to do without any of your favorite broadcasters or digital radio programs.Record HDTV programs in full high-definition resolution and in H.264 format with the push of a button or via timer. With integrated MPEG 2/4 codec, you can also record previous formats in exceptional quality. You have the choice between manual and timed recording - even remote programming via Internet is supported. The computer boots up from standby or sleep mode precisely when the chosen television show begins and then saves it on your hard drive automatically. No matter how you plan your recordings, they can be viewed immediately, even while the recording is in progress. And when you are finished, you can burn your recordings directly to CD or DVD!The Cinergy S2 PCI HD has even more capabilities when used in conjunction with TerraTec Home Cinema software: Automatic optimization of aspect ratio, picture-in-picture function, Dolby digital (AC3) recording, teletext and subtitles, and user-defined favorites lists (genre, location), multi-tuner support, readily available help functions, and the commercial editor Cut!, which now makes it even easier to remove blocks of commercials. Sleek, and easy on your computer's resources, user-friendly, yet multifunctional - with the TerraTec Home Cinema, TerraTec has finally made the experience of watching television on your computer both real and complete! With the all-round solution from TerraTec, including remote control, you can enjoy perfect ease of use that is otherwise only available with expensive, hard-drive-based receivers.With the necessary extension already provided ex works, the Cinergy S2 PCI HD is perfectly suited for pay TV subscriptions. With the help of an optionally available Common Interface Module, all channels of your pay TV subscription are ready to be watched and recorded immediately - and naturally: in full broadcasted resolution up to full HD. TerraTec offers a versatile solution for this in the form of a PCI card (the Cinergy CI AddOn) or as a USB device (the Cinergy CI USB).
D6959238	APC Smart-UPS RT is a family of high-density, performance UPSs for voice and data networks, medical labs, and light industrial applications. Capable of supporting 10kVA in a 6U rack/tower convertible form, users can support power hungry blade servers or heavily loaded equipment racks. This flexible form factor allows standardization across multiple applications. High power internal chargers allow virtually unlimited additional matching battery packs to comply with aggressive runtime demands of business-critical systems. Customers with harsh power environments looking for extremely tight voltage and frequency regulation, internal bypass, and input power factor correction typical of double conversion online topology will get them in the Smart-UPS RT.
D6967503	When time is money, the latest in Original HP print cartridge and toner technology keep your printer - and your business - running at its best. You get bold, crisp text, and sharper images with spherically shaped HP monochrome toner. And to keep you working without interruption, HP has added intelligence to the cartridge that enables alerts when supplies are low and facilitates convenient supplies reordering through HP SureSupply. The latest Original HP technology gives you more value for your money.
D6967504	The Original HP print cartridge with built-in intelligence enables time-saving features in your LaserJet printer that have previously only been available in more robust printing systems. Interactive communication between the cartridge and the printer enables adjustments that optimize print quality and reliability for trouble-free, professional prints. Automatic alerts and convenient supplies reordering provide time-saving ease-of-use.
D6967726	Getting online with friends and family has never been simpler. With this easy-to-use webcam you can video chat for free using Skype, Windows Live Messenger or other free services. A microphone is also included so you're instantly ready to go.
D6970337	Bring personal style to your online conversations. The PC Headset 880 features a noise-canceling microphone, in-line control, and a sleek behind-the-head design.
D6970613	PRODUCT FEATURES:12 in.(L) x 9.65 in.(W); ATX4 DIMMs w/ DDR2 800/1066 upto 8GB (P35 chipset supports up to DDR2-800 officially. For DDR2 800+, manually BIOS adjustment is needed)2 PCI-E 16X (1 at 16X, 1 at 4X); 2 PCI-E 1X; 2 PCI; 12USB8 Ch. Audio; Intel Gb LAN; RAID (0, 1, 5 and 10); SATA2; eSATA; ATA133Live Update; MSI Dual CoreCell; MSI Dual CoreCenter, CrossFire; DOT
D6970621	When SilverStone engineers set out to create an HTPC enclosure with an integrated touch screen, they quickly realized the need to do more than just dropping a screen in front of an ordinary case. Users of cases at this caliber will demand compatibility with the best hardware components in the world. Therefore, an aluminum chassis was designed from the ground up to meet these demands. The LC18 can house any CPU with minimal noise thanks to its free-flowing dual 80mm exhausts and large intake vents. An innovative hard drive bracket was also created exclusively for LC18 to ensure top of the line graphics cards and capture cards can be used with little or no sacrifice in hard drive space. The precisely calculated distances between hard drives will ensure safe running either passively or actively (by mounting bottom feeding intake fans) for any hard drives installed. This exceptionally powerful chassis is then used to hold a HDTV-like 7" touch screen with brilliant wide-aspect ratio resolution for clear text and undistorted images. For the most creative users who demand the best, the LC18 is a perfect complement for either home or work.
D6970623	When SilverStone engineers set out to create an HTPC enclosure with an integrated touch screen, they quickly realized the need to do more than just dropping a screen in front of an ordinary case. Users of cases at this caliber will demand compatibility with the best hardware components in the world. Therefore, an all new aluminum chassis was designed from the ground up to meet these demands. Borrowing from the superb airflow layout first pioneered in the LC16M, the LC18 can house any CPU with minimal noise thanks to its free-flowing dual 80mm exhausts and large intake vents. An innovative hard drive bracket was also created exclusively for LC18 to ensure top of the line graphics cards and capture cards can be used with little or no sacrifice in hard drive space. The precisely calculated distances between hard drives will ensure safe running either passively or actively (by mounting bottom feeding intake fans) for any hard drives installed. This exceptionally powerful chassis is then used to hold a HDTV-like 7" touch screen with brilliant wide-aspect ratio resolution for clear text and undistorted images. For the most creative users who demand the best, the LC18 is a perfect complement for either home or work.
D6970625	Marketing description is not available.
D6974288	The Wireless N Home Router delivers the highest level of security, 12x the speed and 4x the range of wireless g products. Install the product in minutes with Easy-Go installation and seamlessly stream live media, download files, play games and talk Online all at the same time and with no wireless lag.The latest in wireless encryption and a secure firewall provide the ultimate in wired and wireless security. Advanced MIMO antenna technology delivers superior range and eliminates dead spots. A quick and intuitive installation process and remote management capabilities make this product well suited for your most demanding networking needs.
D6974606	Imagine a color laser printer that maximizes output and reduces the total cost of operation. By adding Samsung's color laser printer to your business, you'll achieve both. The CLP-610ND reduces overall operational costs by delivering a low cost per page and efficiency with the built-in duplex feature for reducing paper consumption. And with fast printing speeds and industry platform compatibility with PCL emulation you can keep your entire business running smoothly. The bottom line is that with the Samsung color laser printers handling your printing needs, you'll achieve more for less. With the Samsung CLP-610ND, it's not that hard to imagine.
D6974716	PRODUCT FEATURES:Side vents built-in with air duct for CPU coolingSupports 12cm rear and front fansUnique add-on card ventsBottom vents for HDD and VGA coolingScrew-less lock devices for hard drive baysThumb screws for quick installationIndependent USB port design
D6975638	Marketing description is not available.
D6977326	PRODUCT FEATURES:Converts from DVI-D to HDMI or HDMI to DVI-DHigh quality AWG 24 wireGold plated connector for excellent conductivityFull tinned copper braid plus aluminum foil shielding for maximum isolation from EMIRoHS compliant
D6977327	PRODUCT FEATURES:Fully support HD 1080pHDMI 1.3 compliantTransfer rate up to 340MHzHigh quality AWG 24 wireGold plated connector for excellent conductivityFull tinned copper braid plus aluminum foil shielding for maximum isolation from EMIRoHS compliant
D6977339	Enthusiasts looking for the optimal in price performance PSU technology will find the Corsair TX650W series of PSUs will meet even the most demanding of required specifications.The Corsair TX650W series power supplies are engineered using advanced technology and components typically found with high performance power supplies. With design features such as a dedicated, single +12V rail offer the maximum compatibility with the latest system components. Energy efficient circuitry capable of delivering greater than 80% efficiency ratings across 20%, 50%, and 100% load conditions make the TX family of PSUs ideal for the value / quality conscious enthusiast. With a large 120mm diameter temperature-controlled fan that is ultra quiet, yet still more than sufficient to cool the internals of the system, reliability and stability are no longer worries for the gamer, overclocker or enthusiast and high-end system builder.
D6980785	Marketing description is not available.
D6980791	PC70SE complies with 802.11n draft 2.0, the next generation wireless standard. With the advanced MIMO technology, it can support the data transmission rate 6 times more (up to 300Mbps) and the coverage 3 times more than IEEE 802.11b/g devices. PC70SE stable wireless connection and high bandwidth enable you enjoying the network applications without any interruption. PC70SE supports the WPS configuration function. This function provides easy procedures to set up wireless security. Through the Edimax configuration tool to setup the WPS function then you can simplify the security setting. PC70SE with easy-to-install 32-bit PCI interface - a very common expansion slot of desktop computers - even inexperienced computer user can get this wireless network card installed on his or her computer in just few minutes!
D6980792	US70SE complies with 802.11n draft 2.0, the next generation wireless standard. With the advanced MIMO technology, it can support the data transmission rate 6 times more (up to 300Mbps) and the coverage 3 times more than IEEE 802.11b/g devices. US70SE stable wireless connection and high bandwidth enable you enjoying the network applications without any interruption. US70SE supports the WPS configuration function. This function provides easy procedures to set up wireless security. Through the MSI configuration tool to setup the WPS function then you can simplify the security setting. US70SE with easy-to-install USB2.0 interface - a very common expansion slot of desktop or laptop computers - even inexperienced computer user can get this wireless network card installed on his or her computer in just few minutes!
D6981126	Marketing description is not available.
D6981127	Marketing description is not available.
D6981181	PRODUCT FEATURES:Does not generate noise or vibration in Silent ModePure copper heatsink with component layout optimized for maximum cooling efficiencyInnovative, patented, and curved heatpipe design for a heat transfer capacity of up to six heatpipes with the use of just threeUltra slim fins (0.2mm) for minimized weight and reduced airflow resistanceEquipped with Zalman's low noise 92mm fanSupports all single and dual core CPUs of Intel's Socket 775/478 and all single and dual core CPUs of AMD's Socket AM2/754/939/940The adjustable fan speed controller (FAN MATE 2) enables control of noise and cooling performance
D6981402	The Samsung ML 2850D is a duplex business and corporate mono laser printer. It offers you an efficient and economical mono printing for the most demanding working environments.
D6983434	PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports Intel Core 2 multi-core processors with FSB1333Solid capacitors design in CPU VRMDDR2 800 for outstanding system performanceIntegrated NVIDIA CineFX 3.0 graphicsUltimate graphics performance with PCI-E x16 interfaceIntegrated SATA 3Gb/s with RAID functionFeatures high speed Gigabit Ethernet and IEEE1394High quality 106dB SNR ALC889A HD audioIntegrated DVI/ HDMI interface with HDCP
D6986775	Whether your passion is rooted in FPS, MMORPG, or RTS games, Belkin’s n52te is built to dominate with swift execution.Gain a competitive edge with fully customizable keys, portable player profiles, cool blue backlighting, and Razer’s killer performance tools.Bring on all challengers and see why your n52te won’t be the only thing that’s lit up.
D6987141	From NZXT comes a mainstream chassis designed for value without sacrificing performance. Installed with the eSATA port, the Alpha is ideal for both mainstream and power users. The NZXT Alpha also enables the user to fit large expansion cards like the NVIDIA 8800GTX optimal for SLI and CrossFire. Other features of the Alpha include space for up to 5 HDDs and screwless installation.
D6988082	PRODUCT FEATURES:Category 5e, EIA TIA 568 and ISO IEC 11801 / EN 50173Suitable up to 100 MHzShielded 2 x RJ45 sockets 8P8C, strain relieving 40° socket angleIntegrated installation cable strain reliefShielding from enclosed metal die cast housingFlush/Surface mount readyCable installation via LSA strips, color codes based on EIA/TIA 568 A & B
D6988083	PRODUCT FEATURES:Category 5e, EIA TIA 568 and ISO IEC 11801 / EN 50173Suitable up to 100 MHzShielded 2 x RJ45 sockets 8P8C, strain relieving 40° socket angleIntegrated installation cable strain reliefShielding from enclosed metal die cast housingFlushmound / Surface readyCable installation via LSA strips, color codes based on EIA/TIA 568 A and B
D6988084	PRODUCT FEATURES:Category 6 according to link performance EIA TIA 568, ISO IEC 11801 Class E, EN 50173For up to 250 MHz3P channel and permanent link certifiedShielded 2 x RJ45 sockets, 8P8C, strain relieving 40°socket angleIntegrated installation cable strain reliefEnclosed metal die cast housingFlush mount / surface mount readyCable installation via LSA strips, color codes based on EIA/TIA 568 A & B
D6988085	Marketing description is not available.
D6988086	Marketing description is not available.
D6994623	The FRITZ!Box family will be premiering its new flagship, FRITZ!Box Fon WLAN 7270, at this year's Cebit. Thanks to its wide range of features the new FRITZ!Box is now more than ever your central data hub for home Internet access. The new FRITZ!Box enables a previously unknown wide range of options: broadband access via ADSL, ADSL2+ and VDSL, and operation of cordless telephones using DECT. The new IEEE 802.11n (Draft 2.0) wireless standard, also in use for the first time, offers optimum transmission of data, speech and HD video in combination with MIMO multiple antenna technology. The integrated media server lets you listen to music in your entire network even when your PC is switched off.
D6994624	The extremely compact AVM's FRITZ!WLAN USB stick features remarkably easy installation and maximum security. In conjunction with AVM's WLAN access points, it guarantees a high level of security in the wireless LAN. The Berlin communications specialist uses the latest encryption standard, WPA2 (802.11i), with a unique factory-set key. Only this combination provides maximum security out of the box. In addition to the wireless standards 802.11g (54 Mbit/s) and 802.11b (11 Mbit/s), AVM now provides the 802.11g++ turbo mode, for 125 Mbit/s.
D6996395	The ML-D2850B Samsung black toner provides excellent value and generates quality print results every time.
D6996396	The ML-D2850A Samsung black toner provides excellent value and generates quality print results every time.
D6997179	Catch the wave with the Logitech Wave Keyboard - the exciting new shape of comfort. It's created for hands just like yours, with contoured, uniform-size keys that cradle your fingers naturally while the curved keyboard promotes a more ergonomically correct hand position.One-touch controls give you direct access to many of the new features in Windows Vista , including Flip 3D, Zoom, Photo Gallery, and Gadgets. Programmable F-keys add instant access to favorite applications, games, folders, and Web pages. A cushioned palm rest encourages a relaxed position for typing.
D6997591	PRODUCT FEATURES:External Aluminum 3,5" CaseAluminum case with lateral gridPlug & Play and Hot SwapStatus LED for Power and AccessLow noise without fanPower switch on the backVertical and horizontal settalableSupports 3,5" SATA I/II HDDUSB 2.0 host interface
D6999833	The N1 Vision wireless router offers an easy way for you to view your network's broadband speed, computer bandwidth usage, and the status of your connected devices - all from an easy-to-read display.Packaged in a new sleek and sophisticated design, N1 Vision offers the best in networking performance with its wireless 802.11n 3x3 radio design and wired gigabit ports. The N1 Vision wireless router continues Belkin's commitment in providing the best user experience in the home market through its Plug-and-Play "CD-less" installation and simple network security setup.
D7000445	Marketing description is not available.
D7002354	The Sony NEC Optiarc AD-7200A is a high-performance DVD/CD-burner that is able to read your DVDs at a speed of 16x and CDs at 48x. It also brings fascinating dynamics into play when writing your blank disks. Now it can even write DVD-R / +R two layer formats at 12x, while reaching a speed of up to 20x for DVD +R and DVD-R. DVD +RWs are processed at 8x and DVD-RWs at 6x. And DVD-RAM can be recorded with up to 12x DVD speed. So how fast can it burn my CDs, you might ask? Even here, with speeds of 48x (CD-R) and 32x (CD-RW), it's at the top of its class.
D7002363	This burner opens up new dimensions for flexible read and write functions. It will impress you due to its excellent values in all formats. For multi-faceted and powerful performance on the basis of a S-ATA interface.
D7003878	Marketing description is not available.
D7004141	The Intel Pentium dual-core processor is the newest addition to the Intel Pentium processor family. This dual-core processor delivers great mobile performance, low power enhancements, and multitasking for everyday computing.
D7006106	PRODUCT FEATURES:Piano mirror coating with aluminum front panel designBuilt-in Media LAB LCD with hot keys moduleCompatible with Windows VISTA, MCE remote and keyboard12cm silent fan in front & dual 6cm fan in rearSupports ATX form factor & mATX form factorSupports ATX PS2 power supply
D7006107	PRODUCT FEATURES:Piano mirror coating with aluminum front panel designBuilt-in revolutionary 7" touch screen with hot keys moduleBrushed aluminum surface with polishing processSupports ATX PS2 power supplyHigh efficiency ventilation: 12cm silent fan in front and dual 6cm fan in rear
D7015788	Marketing description is not available.
D7019175	AOpen i965GMt-LA mini-ITX form factor motherboard adopts the Intel GM965/ICH8M chipset and the Intel GMA X3100 at 500MHz display chipset. With 800 MHz FSB, i965GMt-LA supports 64bit Socket P Intel Core 2 Duo CPU (CPU Power Consumption = 35W). The system memory quips Dual-Channel DDR2 667 MHz memory up to 4 GB which will deliver outstanding performance for today applications.AOpen i965GMt-LA has four USB 2.0 ports, and two Serial ATA ports for optical drives and hard disk drives. It also supports mini PCI slot for installing Wireless LAN, or TV tuner cards to extend system capabilities. For supporting multimedia applications, AOpen i965GMt-LA provides DVI and S-Video outputs for astounding 1080P high-definition visual experience, and the Realtek ALC888 High Definition 7.1 Audio will deliver excellent surrounding sound with 7.1 channels speakers set. For networking, the integrated Realtek Gigabit PCI LAN chip of i965GMt-La is able to connect the area networks and Internet up to 1Gbit per second.
D7020469	PRODUCT FEATURES:Serial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportImproved recording stability over temperature with PMRAdvanced dynamic FOD control for best data integrityIntelligent compensation of external disturbanceSATA native command queuing featureDevice initiated SATA power managementStaggered spin-up supportEnvironment friendly product with RoHS complianceImproved performance with dual-ARM based firmwareATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantATA automatic acoustic management featureATA 48-bit address featureATA device configuration overlay featureNoiseGuardSilentSeek
D7022078	The Shuttle XPC Barebone SP35P2 is designed for users who have exceptional demands in terms of system performance, hardware and future compatibility. As a result, it features an especially high performance Intel P35 Express chipset. A particularly efficient, 80 PLUS certified 400-watt power supply takes care of this black powerhouse without compromising its performance. This aluminum SFF PC, through its integrated PCI Express X16 slot, supplies all the bandwidth necessary to accommodate the quickest graphics cards and, thereby, run professional graphics applications and complex 3D games.
D7022389	ASUS professional RD teams put their effort on mechanical design and thermal solution. T3-P5945GCX can support high-end VGA Card and 2 HDD Bays within a mini tower casing. Considerate sliding door design takes care of users' need by hiding I/O ports for an elegant look.
D7029560	The Deskstar P7K500 hard drive provides an exceptional blend of power efficiency and performance making it an ideal solution for consumer and enterprise power-friendly PCs. Leveraging sixth-generation power management technology as well as power-saving innovations pioneered on Hitachi's popular 2.5-inch line of notebook PC hard drives, this new breed of desktop drive delivers best-in-class power management and thermal emissions to help manufacturers meet energy compliance targets and extend drive life.Featuring a choice of Parallel ATA or Serial SATA interface options to meet the needs of many design configurations, the Deskstar P7K500 is also built using the industry's most reliable perpendicular magnetic recording (PMR) techniques to maximize capacity, performance and field reliability.
D7029561	The Deskstar P7K500 hard drive provides an exceptional blend of power efficiency and performance making it an ideal solution for consumer and enterprise power-friendly PCs. Leveraging sixth-generation power management technology as well as power-saving innovations pioneered on Hitachi's popular 2.5-inch line of notebook PC hard drives, this new breed of desktop drive delivers best-in-class power management and thermal emissions to help manufacturers meet energy compliance targets and extend drive life.Featuring a choice of Parallel ATA or Serial SATA interface options to meet the needs of many design configurations, the Deskstar P7K500 is also built using the industry's most reliable perpendicular magnetic recording (PMR) techniques to maximize capacity, performance and field reliability.
D7029656	ATA Security Mode Feature SetSATA Native Command Queuing featureATA S.M.A.R.T. feature setTuMR/PMR head with FOD technologySerial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportLoad/unload head technologySilentSeekNoiseGuard
D7031229	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7031552	Marketing description is not available.
D7031843	Office Professional 2007 is a complete, easy-to-use suite of productivity and information management software to help business professionals save time and stay organized. Powerful features centralize customer, sales and project information in one place so users can respond more quickly to opportunities. Enhanced tools help create professional-quality business and marketing publications, documents and presentations in-house.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7031844	Office Small Business 2007 is the complete, powerful and easy-to-use productivity and contact management suite. It will offer new tools to help employees at small businesses work more efficiently and effectively so they can deliver better customer service. People will be able to organize all their customer and prospect information in one place, as well as develop more professional presentations, marketing materials and campaigns in-house.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7031846	Office Small Business 2007 is the complete, powerful and easy-to-use productivity and contact management suite. It will offer new tools to help employees at small businesses work more efficiently and effectively so they can deliver better customer service. People will be able to organize all their customer and prospect information in one place, as well as develop more professional presentations, marketing materials and campaigns in-house.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033208	Catering to gamers who want the ultimate in overclocking and gaming platforms, ASUS, maker of high quality motherboards, has released the ROG Striker II Formula series of motherboards. Supporting NVIDIA's nForce 780i SLI chipset for exceptional overclocking speeds, this powerful series of motherboards is also equipped with innovative technologies for enhanced graphical and thermal performance.
D7033213	PRODUCT FEATURES:LGA775 socket for Intel Core 2 Duo/Pentium D/Pentium 4/Celeron DSIS 672 + SIS 968SIS Mirage 3 + Integrated GraphicsFSB 1066/800/533MHzSingle-channel DDR2 667/5332x SATA 3Gb/s with Raid 0 and RAID1Vista Premium ready
D7033443	Office Professional 2007 is a complete, easy-to-use suite of productivity and information management software to help business professionals save time and stay organized. Powerful features centralize customer, sales and project information in one place so users can respond more quickly to opportunities. Enhanced tools help create professional-quality business and marketing publications, documents and presentations in-house.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033445	Office Professional 2007 is a complete, easy-to-use suite of productivity and information management software to help business professionals save time and stay organized. Powerful features centralize customer, sales and project information in one place so users can respond more quickly to opportunities. Enhanced tools help create professional-quality business and marketing publications, documents and presentations in-house.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033454	Office Professional 2007 is a complete, easy-to-use suite of productivity and information management software to help business professionals save time and stay organized. Powerful features centralize customer, sales and project information in one place so users can respond more quickly to opportunities. Enhanced tools help create professional-quality business and marketing publications, documents and presentations in-house.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033460	Office Home and Student 2007 is the software suite that helps people easily create great-looking documents, worksheets and presentations, as well as manage notes and information at home. It offers improved menus and tools, enhanced graphics and formatting capabilities, new time management tools, and greater reliability and security.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033461	Office Home and Student 2007 is the software suite that helps people easily create great-looking documents, worksheets and presentations, as well as manage notes and information at home. It offers improved menus and tools, enhanced graphics and formatting capabilities, new time management tools, and greater reliability and security.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033480	Office Small Business 2007 is the complete, powerful and easy-to-use productivity and contact management suite. It will offer new tools to help employees at small businesses work more efficiently and effectively so they can deliver better customer service. People will be able to organize all their customer and prospect information in one place, as well as develop more professional presentations, marketing materials and campaigns in-house.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033481	Office Small Business 2007 is the complete, powerful and easy-to-use productivity and contact management suite. It will offer new tools to help employees at small businesses work more efficiently and effectively so they can deliver better customer service. People will be able to organize all their customer and prospect information in one place, as well as develop more professional presentations, marketing materials and campaigns in-house.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033485	Office Small Business 2007 is the complete, powerful and easy-to-use productivity and contact management suite. It will offer new tools to help employees at small businesses work more efficiently and effectively so they can deliver better customer service. People will be able to organize all their customer and prospect information in one place, as well as develop more professional presentations, marketing materials and campaigns in-house.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033492	Office Small Business 2007 is the complete, powerful and easy-to-use productivity and contact management suite. It will offer new tools to help employees at small businesses work more efficiently and effectively so they can deliver better customer service. People will be able to organize all their customer and prospect information in one place, as well as develop more professional presentations, marketing materials and campaigns in-house.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033754	Office Basic 2007 provides software essentials for new personal computers, so both homes and small businesses can get tasks done more quickly and easily. Office Basic 2007 is the software suite that helps you create great-looking documents and spreadsheets, and manage your e-mail, calendar, and contacts efficiently. With a new streamlined user interface, enhanced graphics and formatting capabilities, new time management tools, and greater reliability, Office Basic 2007 makes it easier and more enjoyable for you to get things done at home or work.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033758	Office Basic 2007 provides software essentials for new personal computers, so both homes and small businesses can get tasks done more quickly and easily. Office Basic 2007 is the software suite that helps you create great-looking documents and spreadsheets, and manage your e-mail, calendar, and contacts efficiently. With a new streamlined user interface, enhanced graphics and formatting capabilities, new time management tools, and greater reliability, Office Basic 2007 makes it easier and more enjoyable for you to get things done at home or work.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033765	Office Basic 2007 provides software essentials for new personal computers, so both homes and small businesses can get tasks done more quickly and easily. Office Basic 2007 is the software suite that helps you create great-looking documents and spreadsheets, and manage your e-mail, calendar, and contacts efficiently. With a new streamlined user interface, enhanced graphics and formatting capabilities, new time management tools, and greater reliability, Office Basic 2007 makes it easier and more enjoyable for you to get things done at home or work.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7033766	Office Basic 2007 provides software essentials for new personal computers, so both homes and small businesses can get tasks done more quickly and easily. Office Basic 2007 is the software suite that helps you create great-looking documents and spreadsheets, and manage your e-mail, calendar, and contacts efficiently. With a new streamlined user interface, enhanced graphics and formatting capabilities, new time management tools, and greater reliability, Office Basic 2007 makes it easier and more enjoyable for you to get things done at home or work.MICROSOFT MEDIALESS LICENSE KIT (MLK)The Medialess License Kits are the licenses for Microsoft Office 2007 suites and components in the System Builder channel. The end user can purchase a Microsoft Office MLK license within 90 days after new PC purchase.
D7034737	Elite 332 features superior thermal solution and easy installation. Black meshed front panel forms the succinct appearance. Just as its name-Elite 332, it is presented to those people who would like to start holding high-quality products in their arm. Undoubtedly, it would be pity for you to miss it.
D7039045	Marketing description is not available.
D7041805	With SATA interface, WD Scorpio Blue drives offer high-performance, low power consumption, and cool operation, perfect for notebooks and other portable devices. Pick the drive that suits your needs with the confidence in knowing that all WD Scorpio Blue drives are built to the highest standards of quality and reliability.Whether they are in an external drive or a notebook computer, WD Scorpio Blue SATA drives offer the most available capacity for space-hungry operating systems with plenty of room left over for photos, music, and video.In a notebook drive, silence is golden. WD's exclusive WhisperDrive combines state-of-the-art seeking algorithms to yield one of the quietest 2.5-inch hard drives on the market. These algorithms also optimize the way a drive seeks for data, which significantly improves power consumption. So now silence (and longer battery life) is golden.WD's ShockGuard technology protects the drive mechanics and platter surfaces from shocks. WD's SecurePark parks the recording heads off the disk surface during spin up, spin down, and when the drive is off. This ensures the recording head never touches the disk surface resulting in improved long-term reliability due to less head wear, and improved non-operational shock tolerance.
D7041809	The MSI P6NGM series mainboards are based on the new generation NVIDIA MCP73 series chipset integrated GeForce 7 graphics for Intel processors. The MSI P6NGM mainboards feature the HDMI interface and offer its customer to experience the advantage of "Ready for PC2008".The MSI P6NGM series mainboards support the latest Intel FSB1333 multi-core processors, which include the hottest Core 2 Quad/Duo and other Core architecture based processors, delivering outstanding performance in microATX form factor.
D7041810	MSI's new P6NGM series motherboards are based on the new-generation NVIDIA MCP73 series chipset. This chipset contains the integrated GeForce 7 graphics for Intel processors. MSI is proud to be the first to launch this optimized motherboard in the market. The special MSI design is WHQL certified with only one DIMM, which makes the motherboard a cost-saving solution for system builders. The new MSI P6NGM motherboards feature an HDMI interface, support FSB 1333MHz, Core 2 Quad/Duo CPU's and delivers great video playback to provide an ultimate multimedia platform.
D7043390	PRODUCT FEATURES:Key components status hardware monitorMSI Live UpdateLive Update 3AMD Cool'n'Quiet technology
D7044022	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7044024	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7044533	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D7045704	The Acer P5260E is a mid-range professional projector suitable for multiple presenting scenarios. With 2700 ANSI Lumens brightness, native XGA (1024 x 768) resolution, and 2100:1 contrast ratio, the P5260E meets discerning projection demands in the boardroom, classroom and home theater. An HDMI port, a DVI-D port, and dual D-Sub input ports offer advanced connectivity to a variety of media sources. Acer ColorBoost technology, along with a 6-segment color wheel, provides brilliant, realistic and professional imaging, whether for business or pleasure.
D7046402	PRODUCT FEATURES:11.96 in.(L) x 9.61 in.(W); ATX4 DIMMs w/ DDR2 1066+ up to 8GB2 PCI-E 16X (Support 8X+8X in CrossFire); 1 PCI-E X1; 2 PCI; 10 USBRealtek 7.1 CH HD audioGb LAN; RAID(0, 1, 0+1); SATA2; ATA133Live Update; Dual Corecell; MSI Dual CoreCenter; DOT
D7048246	Samsung have got you covered with the SF-560R's total biz solution. Make Samsung's SF-560R your partner and it'll show you how a multi-function digital laser fax & copier can communicate with your work environment to help you and your work go faster, whether it's a place of business or your own home office. For ease of use for business in the real world.
D7048247	The Samsung SF-565PR laser will get you through the day. A powerful G3 33.6 kbps modem sends your faxes out at a rate of just 3 seconds per page with copy speeds of up to 16 cpm. You’ll also enjoy scanning capabilities - you can digitize and quickly print or fax all from a single compact machine.
D7048254	The powerful, network-ready Samsung CLP-660ND color laser printer delivers full color or black text at blazing print speeds up to 25ppm, with the first-page-out-times in less than 14 seconds. To help you stay focused without interruption, the 660ND includes a 250 page cassette tray. Once you own the CLP-660 it's hard to imagine working without it.
D7048256	Imagine a color laser printer that maximizes output and reduces total cost of operation. By adding Samsung's color laser printer to your business, you'll achieve both. The CLP-660N reduces overall operation costs by realizing a low cost per page. The cost efficiency isn't the only advantage of this printer. Fast printing speeds and high expandable memory capacity create a better workflow, keeping the entire business productive. The bottom line is that with the CLP-660N handling your printing needs, you'll achieve more for less.
D7048762	Designed for enthusiasts with extreme over-clocking and blistering gaming performance in mind, the Gigabyte GA-X48-DQ6 is based on the killer combination of the newest Intel X48 chipset plus support for the latest multi-core processors up to FSB 1600MHz, including the Intel 45nm processors. The GA-X48-DQ6 is CrossFireX enabled with true dual PCI-E 2.0 x16 connectivity for the ultimate in extreme gaming performance. Built tough to provide maximum stability, durability and performance for even the most hard-core gamers, the GA-X48-DQ6 delivers several advanced Gigabyte innovations including the Ultra Durable 2 design, featuring top quality electronic components which provide optimized power savings, ultra cooling and extended system durability.
D7048774	PRODUCT FEATURES:Very compact sized USB adapter to add Bluetooth 2.0 wireless technology to your notebook or PCUltra small design that fully integrates with your notebook when plugged in, no need to remove adapterInstantly use your Bluetooth mouse on your notebook without unplugging the USB adapterCreate a wireless connection between your notebook/PC and Bluetooth devicesBluetooth 2.0 technology: up to 3 times faster than standard BluetoothAlso works with previous Bluetooth versions
D7051118	The Deskstar P7K500 hard drive provides an exceptional blend of power efficiency and performance making it an ideal solution for consumer and enterprise power-friendly PCs. Leveraging sixth-generation power management technology as well as power-saving innovations pioneered on Hitachi's popular 2.5-inch line of notebook PC hard drives, this new breed of desktop drive delivers best-in-class power management and thermal emissions to help manufacturers meet energy compliance targets and extend drive life.Featuring a choice of Parallel ATA or Serial SATA interface options to meet the needs of many design configurations, the Deskstar P7K500 is also built using the industry's most reliable perpendicular magnetic recording (PMR) techniques to maximize capacity, performance and field reliability.
D7051121	The Deskstar P7K500 hard drive provides an exceptional blend of power efficiency and performance making it an ideal solution for consumer and enterprise power-friendly PCs. Leveraging sixth-generation power management technology as well as power-saving innovations pioneered on Hitachi's popular 2.5-inch line of notebook PC hard drives, this new breed of desktop drive delivers best-in-class power management and thermal emissions to help manufacturers meet energy compliance targets and extend drive life.Featuring a choice of Parallel ATA or Serial SATA interface options to meet the needs of many design configurations, the Deskstar P7K500 is also built using the industry's most reliable perpendicular magnetic recording (PMR) techniques to maximize capacity, performance and field reliability.
D7053372	The Corsair Flash Voyager family of USB drives is rugged, stylish, compact, and reliable, making them ideal for transporting MP3s, digital images, presentations and more. Flash Voyager drives are fully Plug and Play with most operating systems and are backward compatible with USB 1.1. Their durable rubber casing is easy to grip and water resistant.The Flash Voyager product line is both enclosed in the Corsair proprietary all-rubber Flash Voyager housing. Boasting water-resistant properties, these drives allow users to carry more valuable data and applications without compromise. Several reviews of the Flash Voyager products have demonstrated the ruggedness, durability, and reliability of the Flash Voyager family. The Flash Voyager has been shown laundered, baked, frozen, boiled, dropped, and even run over by a SUV in many third party reviews. After all the punishment it receives, the drive continues to work.
D7053719	Realize new possibilities for connecting with friends, family, and digital entertainment with the phenomenal performance of the AMD Phenom X4 series quad-core processor. Built from the ground up for true quad-core performance, AMD Phenom X4 processors speed through advanced multitasking, critical business productivity, advanced visual design and modeling, serious gaming, and visually stunning digital media and entertainment.
D7055066	Marketing description is not available.
D7070913	The MK1652GSX offers the industry's highest areal density per platter, at 251.6 gigabits per square inch. The drive's 5400 RPM motor speed, improves system-level performance by as much as 12 percent when compared to 4200 RPM.This new drive offers enough capacity for portable video recording and editing, with lower power consumption compared to the traditional 3.5-inch HDDs. This functionality provides ideal storage for a range of commercial and consumer notebooks, as well as non-PC applications such as PDAs, printers, copiers, GPS systems and MP3 players. The MK1652GSX incorporates the Serial ATA (SATA) 2.6 interface and is ATA-8 compliant, supporting high media transfer rates of up to 801 megabytes per second.
D7071015	PRODUCT FEATURES:Larger storage capacities than standard Memory Stick cardsHigh-speed data transfer rate of 15Mbps for DVD-quality video in real timeThe fast transfer rates help prevent data loss when power is suddenly cut-off or if the media is removed accidentallyAdvanced security with Access Control Function and MagicGate technology
D7071017	At half the size of a standard Memory Stick PRO card, SanDisk Memory Stick PRO Duo cards feature fast data transfer and real time recording of high-resolution moving images and video. SanDisk Memory Stick PRO Duo cards are perfect for use with all your digital devices such as digital cameras, portable audio devices, digital camcorders and more.
D7071599	PRODUCT FEATURES:Realtek chipsetPCI Local Bus Master Rev.2.1 and 2.2 compatibleIEEE 802.3, IEEE 802.3u, IEEE 802.3ab compatibleIEEE 802.3x full-duplex FlowcontrolSupports 10 / 100 / 1.000 MbpsSupports Autonegotiation and Crossover detectionSupports Wake On LAN function and IEEE 802.1Q VLAN taggingSuitable for all typical network environments
D7071604	This USB adapter complies with draft 802.11n next generation wireless standard. Utilizing the advanced MIMO technology, it can support the data transmission rate of up to 300Mbps and the coverage distance is far than IEEE 802.11g/b products. Stable wireless connection and high bandwidth enable you to enjoy rich media network applications without any interruption.
D7071608	PRODUCT FEATURES:Controls up to sixteen PCs with one PS/2- or USB-keyboard, one PS/2- or USB-mouse and one monitorSimple installation - no additional software neededPC-choice over push-buttons, hot-key or OSD (on screen display)Excellent video qualitySupports DDC, DDC2Hot plug and playEmulates a keyboard on each PC to allow your computers to boot normally without a keyboard error
D7071609	The DIGITUS SOHO Wall Cabinets are made of a robust steel construction with a minimum of seams. They're ideal for all current IT and Telecommunication applications.
D7071610	PRODUCT FEATURES:1.5 mm - 2 mm strong sheet steel with high load capacitySide sections detachable and lockableVentilation slots for passive ventilation and exhaustionProtection class IP 40Framed safety glass door, opening angle 180° with lockable swing handle, optionally available as a double-wing doorLockable steel rear doorSpring-mounted hinges enable easy installation of the door or door changeUp to 600kg load-bearing capacityLarge cable entry with rubber-edged sliding mechanism on the floor, as protection against cable breakage and damage, and ensures the fixation of large Cable height-adjustable leveling feet for the equalization of uneven floorsRoof module for ventilation unitExtensive range of accessories available
D7071794	The SAS Backplanes as well as the removable bays, are all exclusively designed and made of Aluminum so that they are especially suited to keeping the HDDs cool. The Backplane is Plug & Play compatible and supports hot swap. With an 80mm fan, even the fastest hard disks are kept cool. The operating status of each hard drive as well as the power and the activity of the fans, are shown at the front of the Backplane by LEDs. In addition there is a reset button, which is also used to stop the alarm for the fans. The hard disks are screwed into the slots, which can then be easily removed by twisting the lock and a spring mechanism in the back will push them out.
D7071795	Marketing description is not available.
D7081434	For work and play, here's the perfect 5-in-1. You'll produce life-like photos with resolution up to 4800 x 1200 color dpi - and quickly, too: A borderless 4" x 6" photo takes only about 46 seconds. You can also print photos directly from a camera DV camcorder or camera phone, without a computer. Your documents will feature bold, laser-quality text, and copies will be remarkably true to your originals. This All-In-One produces 600-dpi scans with vibrant 48-bit color depth. Plus, it achieves Super G3 fax speed in color and B&W, and its memory can store 20 speed dial codes and receive 50 incoming pages.
D7086329	The Intel Core 2 Duo processors are built in several of the world's most advanced, high-volume output manufacturing facilities using Intel's leading silicon process technology. The processor family is based on the revolutionary Intel Core microarchitecture, designed to provide powerful yet energy-efficient performance. With the power of dual cores, or computing engines, the processors can manage numerous tasks faster. They also can operate more smoothly when multiple applications are running, such as writing e-mails while downloading music or videos and conducting a virus scan.
D7086332	The Intel Core 2 Duo processors are built in several of the world's most advanced, high-volume output manufacturing facilities using Intel's leading silicon process technology. The processor family is based on the revolutionary Intel Core microarchitecture, designed to provide powerful yet energy-efficient performance. With the power of dual cores, or computing engines, the processors can manage numerous tasks faster. They also can operate more smoothly when multiple applications are running, such as writing e-mails while downloading music or videos and conducting a virus scan.
D7086333	The Intel Core 2 Duo processors are built in several of the world's most advanced, high-volume output manufacturing facilities using Intel's leading silicon process technology. The processor family is based on the revolutionary Intel Core microarchitecture, designed to provide powerful yet energy-efficient performance. With the power of dual cores, or computing engines, the processors can manage numerous tasks faster. They also can operate more smoothly when multiple applications are running, such as writing e-mails while downloading music or videos and conducting a virus scan.
D7086335	Leaders of the pack seeking monster performance, look no further. With four execution cores, the Intel Core 2 Quad processor blows through processor-intensive tasks in demanding multitasking environments and makes the most of highly threaded applications. Whether you're creating multimedia, annihilating your gaming enemies, or running compute-intensive applications at one time, new quad-core processing will change the way you do everything. Pioneer the new world of quad-core and unleash the power of multithreading.
D7086683	Samsung laser multifunction print cartridges offer great quality and excellent performance for affordable, professional-quality printing. This cartridge has a new advanced toner, which makes it easy-to-use. The high-capacity toner also decreases the cost per print and increases productivity.
D7086685	The LG Super-Multi GH20NS10 internal DVD Rewriter features 20x DVD±R write speed and SecurDisc technology. SecurDisc is an innovative technology which provides five levels of security to protect and share data securely. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH20NS10 reads and writes in CD, DVD±R, DVD±RW, and DVD RAM formats. Burn and guard your data with the LG GH20NS10.
D7088187	PRODUCT FEATURES:Low profile tablet with 140 x 100mm (5.5 x 4 inch) working space for handwriting, notes, freehand drawing, picture and video editingErgonomic wireless 3 button pen with 512 step pressure sensitivity28 extra direct accessible programmable soft buttonsWith transparent sheet for tracing pictures and integrated cavity to store the pen
D7088188	PRODUCT FEATURES:Low profile tablet with big working space for picture and video editing, freehand drawing and other graphic applicationsErgonomic wireless 3 button pen with 512 step pressure sensitivityIncluding wireless 3 button scroll mouse for both left and right hand users42 extra direct accessible programmable soft buttonsFully supports Windows Vista advanced tablet functions, such as converting handwriting into digital text and office document notesWith transparent sheet for tracing pictures and integrated cavity to store the pen
D7088280	No huge fans, no lightshow, just a delicate and stylish design. The clean meshed door and smooth lighting show an incognito warrior, waiting to be unleashed. This ATX-sized midi tower includes an LCD display for fan speeds, system temperatures and date and time information.
D7088283	The NVIDIA GeForce 7 series of graphics processing units (GPUs) represent a significant leap forward in 3D graphics design, delivering the unparalleled horsepower and revolutionary technologies you need to tackle the latest games and video applications. The GeForce 7 series GPUs deliver blazing frame rates and outstanding image quality so you can experience full-throttle graphics performance.
D7088446	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7089590	The Shuttle XPC Glamor SG31G2 enhances storage transfer through high speed SATA 3Gb/s, and features low noise and ultra cool ICE 2 (Integrated Cooling Engine 2) Technology, keeps your platform cool while on its top performance.
D7089714	Marketing description is not available.
D7093459	PRODUCT FEATURES:Bluetooth headset with microphoneLithium polymer rechargeable batteryCharger for USB connectorVolume control, power on/offLED for power, charging, low battery
D7093810	This burner opens up new dimensions for flexible read and write functions. It will impress you due to its excellent values in all formats. For multi-faceted and powerful performance on the basis of a S-ATA interface.
D7093812	This burner opens up new dimensions for flexible read and write functions. It will impress you due to its excellent values in all formats. For multi-faceted and powerful performance on the basis of a S-ATA interface.
D7094776	Marketing description is not available.
D7097083	Sound Blaster X-Fi Xtreme Gamer delivers award-winning X-Fi technology for faster, more immersive gaming. X-Fi, the world's most powerful audio processor, provides ultra-realistic X-Fi CMSS-3D surround sound over normal headphones and accelerates Direct X, OpenAL and EAX 5.0 for faster frame rates and cinematic sound. X-Fi 24-bit Crystalizer restores sparkle to low quality audio, upgrading Games, MP3, DIVX and TV audio to 24-bit. The low-profile design makes it ideal for Media Center PCs. It has an optical digital out for connecting to home cinema systems, while THX certification and Dolby and DTS decoding guarantee excellent results in movies.
D7098533	Utilizing the all the benefits of laser technology, without compromising on style and design. This quantum leap forward in color all-in-one devices, allows business machine benefits on your desktop. Print, scan and copy in full color the easy way with the CLX-2160 series.
D7099626	PRODUCT FEATURES:Max. 160GB formatted capacity per diskATA security mode feature setSATA native command queuing featureATA S.M.A.R.T. feature setTuMR/PMR head with FOD technologySilentSeekNoiseGuardSerial ATA 1.5Gbps interface supportLoad/Unload head technology
D7100032	The TL-ANT2405C is a 2.4GHz 5dBi indoor omni-directional antenna.
D7100033	PRODUCT FEATURES:Complies with 2.4GHz 802.11b/g standardsProvides 1m extension cableComplete plug & play instructionsWorks with all the wireless devices with reverse SMA connectorsFlexible deployment to improve signal transmission and reception
D7100034	PRODUCT FEATURES:Complies with 2.4GHz 802.11b/g standardsProvides 1m extension cableComplete plug and play instructionsWorks with all the wireless devices with reverse SMA connectorsFlexible deployment to improve signal transmission and reception
D7100035	The TP-LINK TL-WN353G 54M Wireless PCI Adapter provides you the flexibility to install your PC in the most convenient location available, without the cost of running network cables.The Adapter's auto-sensing capability allows high packet transfer rate of up to 54Mbps for maximum throughput, or dynamic range shifting to lower speeds due to distance or operating limitations in an environment with a lot of electromagnetic interference. It can also interoperate with all 11Mbps wireless (802.11b) products.TL-WN353G supports up to 152-bit WEP and WPA encryption, so you need not to worry about the safety of your wireless data or privacy.TL-WN353G is also quite easy to install with the help of TP-LINK's easy-to-configure wireless client utility. With TL-WN353G, you can easily connect your PC to your Wireless Access Point and enjoy the pleasure of Wi-Fi.
D7101907	The Cinergy T USB XXS is the mobile DVB-T tuner in a compact size. Just connect it to your USB 2.0 port, and the small stick receives television and radio via DVB-T. The receiver draws its power from the USB port - a separate power adapter is not required. Of course, a remote control and an antenna are included. This product is ideal for watching TV on your laptop while on the go, but equally useful for at-home viewing on your desktop.With TerraTec home cinema, powerful TV software for time shifting TV programs and digital recording with edit function is included in the scope of delivery. Your computer promptly comes out of standby or hibernation mode when needed and then goes back into hibernation once the recording is completed. The integrated electronic program guide assists you in programming. Additional innovations, such as automatic adjustment of the aspect ratio, recording of Dolby digital, video text and subtitles, individually adjustable lists of favorites (genre, location) as well as picture-in-picture and network streaming make it easy and convenient to experience the many benefits of watching TV on your computer. And all of the functions can be easily configured via remote control, keyboard or mouse.
D7101908	PRODUCT FEATURES:DVB-C TV and radio tunerHD support for MPEG2 and H.264AC3 Dolby DigitalExpandable for Pay TV reception (Cinergy CI AddOn)Digital video recorder with editing functionsIncl. Remote controlMAGIX Movies on CD & DVD TV Edition
D7102741	FRITZ! Mini is a revolutionary handheld device with a wireless LAN connection to FRITZ!Box and your home network. A cordless telephone, music player and Internet information service in one, FRITZ! Mini offers brand new options for your home broadband connection. For the first time, you can experience a new natural HD sound quality with VoIP and landline calls thanks to FRITZ! Mini.AVM’s new portable device uses a wireless connection to receive Internet radio, podcasts and music streams, which you can listen to with headphones or your stereo system. FRITZ! Mini informs you of incoming e-mails and displays RSS news. Despite the large number of options it offers, FRITZ! Mini is easy to use thanks to its intuitive user guidance.
D7103194	Leaders of the pack seeking monster performance, look no further. With four execution cores, the Intel Core 2 Quad processor blows through processor-intensive tasks in demanding multitasking environments and makes the most of highly threaded applications. Whether you're creating multimedia, annihilating your gaming enemies, or running compute-intensive applications at one time, new quad-core processing will change the way you do everything. Pioneer the new world of quad-core and unleash the power of multithreading.
D7103485	The Targus Wireless IR Laptop Presenter is a multitasking device with a built-in laser pointer. The all in one compact snap together design makes it ideal for the presenter on the move. This universal presenter will work with any laptop PC with a USB port, and affords the user easy control over any presentation. Click a button to control page scroll up/down or press the laser button to emit a bright, easily viewed red laser dot to highlight presentations and direct the audience's attention.
D7103657	Verbatim DVD+R uses Verbatim's AZO Technology which ensures any recording to be of a superior quality. The broad compatibility of Verbatim's discs makes them ideal for sharing computer data, home videos, photos and music.
D7104756	Want good CPU cooling without having your PC sound like a jet engine. At only 19.0dBA the WhisperRock IV is the perfect socket A and 462 CPU cooler for you.The WhisperRock IV features an all copper core, aluminum design. It is topped with Spire's Spire translucent blue DC fan. In addition, Spire takes the extra step to sleeve the fan wires to give you extra airflow in your case.A 3 prong clip is used to attach the heatsink securely to the CPU socket. Spire's clip design requires a flathead screwdriver to install, with ample area to fit most size screwdrivers without the risk of slipping and gouging your motherboard.
D7106561	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7106813	The Logitech Cordless Desktop frees you to work better. You'll never again have to arrange your desk and work around cables that get tangled. Now you can use the keyboard any way that's comfortable for you. Now you have the flexibility to save space by easily moving your keyboard completely off the desk when you're not using it. Because there are no cords to hassle with, this complete cordless solution also gives you new freedom for presentations and meetings.
D7109641	The dual-sided Razer eXactMat Precision Mouse Mat provides two distinct performance surfaces - speed for action/adventure and FPS games and high-sensitivity gamers; and control for RPG and RTS games and low-sensitivity gamers - on a non-slip, anti-reflective and abrasion-resistant anodized aluminum hard coat. Oversized and uniquely-shaped, the Razer eXactMat is specifically designed to support all opto-mechanical and optical mice for precise movements.
D7109648	With an awesome host of features, the Razer Lycosa is on an unstoppable mission to destroy and dominate.Execute complex combat maneuvers with swift dexterity. Launch your assaults timed to perfection. Annihilate your enemies and reign supreme on the battlefield. You now have the tactical advantage on every terrain, and your enemies’ fates are in your hands.
D7109765	Say goodbye to your corded mouse. Make the comfortable move to cordless with the Logitech LX6 Cordless Optical Mouse.
D7109766	This kit includes Logitech V100 optical mouse for notebooks and 15,4'' notebook case.
D7109867	Stuffed with technology and design innovations, the first ROCCAT gaming mouse KONE is the only tool to unleash your hidden skills and develop your existing ones to the max.The time of erratic cursor movements when lifting the mouse (pick-up-flight) is now over. The world's first and only Distance Control Unit (DCU) constantly measures the distance of the KONE from the surface. As soon as you lift the mouse, the sensor recognizes this movement and interrupts data transmission to the computer thereby freezing the cursor and giving you a tiny advantage in aiming precision that decides between devastation and victory. The threshold distance can be adjusted according to your preferences in the driver menu.Featuring its own TurboCore processor unit and 96kB of internal memory, this mouse stores macros containing up to 512 key strokes plus timing information for 6 mouse buttons in 5 profiles. Just bring your mouse along to a friend's house or a LAN event and plug it into any computer. You do not need to install the driver to use the macros you have previously stored on the mouse.The special right handed hybrid shape, equally suitable for claw or palm grip, revolutionizes the definition of gaming comfort. The shortened left mouse button and the precisely calculated downward slope towards the right mouse button are the inevitable results of long term research and ergonomics studies. The rubberized top and side surfaces provide maximum grip even in the heat of the final game.Change the look of the KONE to how you want. The light system comprises 5 LEDs which are capable of displaying more than 1000 colors. You can independently change the color of any LED and activate special light effects such as pulsation, heartbeat, rotation or blinking; you can even adjust the effect speed. Naturally, you can simply turn off the lights in case you fancy total darkness.The easy-to-use weight system changes the weight of the KONE within seconds. Chose one of the four weights provided to customize the total weight of the mouse to suit your preferences. It is so easy to change the weights: simply press the weight release button on the underside of the mouse and clip the desired weight into the slot. That's it. No complicated processes involving unplugging and opening the mouse, no loss of warranty - just two clicks and you're done.This roduct features plug in slot for optional gadgets.
D7112048	Your work, your photos, your songs, your digital video, your memories. Take them all with you in Maxtor's portable shock-protected hard drive. Ideal for home and office, it's easy to use. Just connect the USB cable into your PC or Mac and it immediately appears as another drive on your computer.The industrial design of this next generation of external hard drives includes shock protection, EMI protection and the newest SATA hard drive technology.
D7112855	Catering to users who pursue extreme performance and great energy efficiency features, ASUS, worldwide leader of the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5N-T Deluxe motherboard. This cutting-edge motherboard supports the NVIDIA nForce 780i SLI chipset, which supports ESA (Enthusiast System Architecture), the open-standard PC monitoring and control protocol for real-time communication and control of system thermal, electrical, acoustic and operating characteristics. It also provides extreme performance with support for the latest 3 Way SLI technology and Dual PCI Express 2.0 x16 lanes; while the world's first ASUS EPU (Energy Processing Unit) digitally monitors CPU power supply and fine-tunes it with improved VRM efficiency in heavy or light loadings to attain the best possible power efficiency and energy savings to help save the environment. The P5N-T Deluxe also comes with Precision Tweaker 2 that offers super-fine adjustments to voltages for breaking brand new O.C records!
D7112856	The P5N-D is a NVIDIA 750i SLI chipset-based motherboard that combines powerful performance with great energy efficiency; and supports NVIDIA SLI technology with PCI Express 2.0 for extreme graphics performance. It also comes with the world’s first ASUS EPU (Energy Processing Unit), allowing the CPU power supply to be digitally monitored and fine-tuned with improved VRM efficiency in heavy or light loadings - attaining the best possible power efficiency and energy savings to help save the environment.
D7113695	Whether it's gaming, digital photography, or video editing, today's high-impact entertainment demands breakthrough technology. Get the unrivaled multi-core performance of the Intel Core 2 Extreme processors. It's not about playing the game. It's about dominating and winning the game. Designed for extreme performance, the Intel Core 2 Extreme processors feature the whole arsenal of performance-rich technologies.
D7116180	Sapphire Digital Photo Frame DPF-080 support high resolution display what enjoy your precious memories via Sapphire Digital Photo Frame. The Sapphire Digital Photo Frame has elegant ID design what is the best gift for your family and friends.
D7117191	PRODUCT FEATURES:For PSII PSU or PSII Redundant PSUEMI shielding for different cardOptional with 2 X 120 mm + 5 x 90 mm fansHard Disk installed by patent railsSmart screws for 5.25" CD-ROM installationScrewless PCI card clipper for fixingDrive Bay: 6 x 5.25" + 2 x 3.5" FDD. 8 x 3.5" HDDSpecial spring design for anti-vibrationBuilt-in USB 2.0 / Audio Jack/ 1394 IEEE board12" X 13" Mother board compatible, fit EEB3.0
D7130060	Fisheye lens with a 180° angle of view for unique and intriguing effects. The wide depth of field makes it even more interesting. The short minimum focusing distance of 20cm gives new meaning to close-up shots.
D7130303	Designed for enthusiasts with extreme over-clocking and blistering gaming performance in mind, the GIGABYTE GA-X48-DS5 is based on the killer combination of the Intel X48 chipset plus support for the latest multi-core processors up to FSB 1600MHz, including the Intel 45nm processors. The GA-X48-DS5 is CrossFireX enabled with true dual PCI-E 2.0 x16 connectivity for the ultimate in extreme gaming performance. Built tough to provide maximum stability, durability and performance for even the most hard-core gamers, the GA-X48-DS5 delivers several advanced GIGABYTE innovations including the Ultra Durable 2 design, featuring top quality electronic components which provide optimized power savings, ultra cooling and extended system durability.
D7132298	Marketing description is not available.
D7132299	Marketing description is not available.
D7132303	Marketing description is not available.
D7133828	Marketing description is not available.
D7133832	PRODUCT FEATURES:Molded housing4-wire cable, double shielded, 2 x AWG24, 2 x AWG28UL2725USB 2.0 certified
D7133836	PRODUCT FEATURES:Molded housing4-wire cable, double shieldedUL2725USB 2.0 certified
D7134769	ProLite T1930SR-W1 is based on the latest 5 wire resistive technology. Performance ratio is ideal for the budget conscious user while quality and specification is certainly not compromised. The display inputs include both analog and digital (DVI) with touchscreen connectivity via either USB or RS-232 which offers greater than typical flexibility. A solid and steady base supports the touchscreen with an adjustable stand offering full 90 degree angles. Extensive touch utilities allow for 4 point calibration and either 9/25 point linearization. This product features an incredibly powerful touch solution.
D7146229	ProLite T1930SR is based on the latest 5 Wire Resistive technology. Price / performance ratio is ideal for the budget conscious user while quality and specification is certainly not compromised. The display inputs include both Analog and Digital (DVI) with Touchscreen connectivity via either USB or RS-232, which offers greater than typical flexibility. A solid and steady base supports the TouchScreen with an adjustable stand offering full 90 degree angles. Extensive Touch Utilities allow for 4 point calibration and either 9/25 point linerization. An incredibly powerful Touch solution.
D7147029	Asus Xonar D2X is the world's first PCI-E interface high end audio card featuring SNR up to 118dB. Xonar D2 provides intuitive DS3D GX to solve Vista gaming audio issues, and Acoustic Echo Cancellation (AEC) for best voice communication quality, the Xonar D2X will undoubtedly provide the best gaming experience ever.With the introduction of Windows Vista, the whole audio architecture landscaped has been changed. This has resulted in teething problems for gamers - with the possibility of losing all surround sound or hardware accelerated Direct3D and EAX while gaming in the Windows Vista environment. To circumvent this problem, the ASUS Xonar family of audio cards utilizes an ASUS exclusive technology - the DS3D GX extension in the Xonar D2X driver; to provide full support for surround sound and hardware accelerated features by translating DirectX to the DS3D GX. While other solutions like OpenAL requires special installation and game support, DS3D GX doesn't. Gamers can enjoy DirectX gaming with hardware enhanced surround sound and EAX effects automatically and immediately after installation.The Xonar D2X also includes the innovative "Acoustics Echo Cancellation" (AEC) technology to facilitate the best online voice communication quality. AEC can eliminate up-to-40dB speaker echo return and suppress noises that would otherwise enter the users' microphone - making the Xonar D2X the best audio card choice for online chatting in VOIP applications (Skype, MSN, Google, QQ, etc.) or online gaming.Besides delivering impressive audio quality, the Xonar D2X is also packed with multiple sound technologies from Dolby and DTS to deliver outstanding entertainment experiences.
D7148781	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D7149114	The Internet Camera Server transmits real-time high quality video over the Internet. View your camera from any Internet connection. Complimentary SecurView camera management software provides advanced monitoring of up to 16 cameras to protect what you value most. This stylish and compact Internet camera provides crystal clear MJPEG video streams. Mount the camera on most surfaces with an included mounting kit. Intuitive software features motion detection recording, email alerts, and scheduled recordings. The camera's brilliant image quality, intuitive setup and complimentary software make it ideal for your home or office.
D7149115	The Wireless Internet Camera Server (TV-IP110W) transmits real-time high quality video over the Internet. View your camera from any Internet connection. Complimentary SecurView camera management software provides advanced monitoring of up to 16 cameras to protect what you value most. This stylish and compact Internet camera provides crystal clear MJPEG video streams. Mount the wireless camera on most surfaces with an included mounting kit. Intuitive software features motion detection recording, email alerts, and scheduled recordings. The camera's brilliant image quality, intuitive setup and complimentary software make it ideal for your home or office.
D7152310	PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports Dual Channel DDR400 with 4 DIMM slots, maximum capacity up to 4GBIntegrated NVIDIA GeForce7 Series (NV44) DX9.0 VGA, Pixel Shader 3.0, Max. shared memory 256MB1 x PCI Express x 16 slotHybrid Booster - ASRock Safe Overclocking TechnologyUntied Overclocking : During Overclocking, FSB enjoys better margin due to fixed PCIE/ PCI BusesDual VGA Output: Support DVI-D and D-Sub ports by independent display controllersSupports HDCP function with DVI-D port, to enjoy better quality with High Definition HDCP Encryption contentsChipset embedded HDMI Audio which supports HDMI signal through DVI-D port by using DVI to HDMI adapter (not bundled)ASRock DVI/H I/O: 1 x VGA/DVI-D Port, 1 x VGA/D-Sub Port
D7152325	PRODUCT FEATURES:Socket AM2 for AMD Phenom X4 / X2, Athlon 64FX / 64X2 / X2 / 64 and Sempron processorsNVIDIA M1695 chipsetNVIDIA nForce3 250 chipsetFSB 1000 MHz (2.0 GT/s), Hyper-Transport technology and AMD Cool 'n' Quiet technologyAMD LIVE! readySupports Dual Channel DDR2 800/667/533, 4 x DIMM slots, with maximum capacity up to 8GBASRock AM2 Boost: ASRock patented technology to boost memory performance up to 12.5%1 x PCI Express x16 slot1 x AGP 8X slotUntied overclockingASRock Safe Overclocking technologySupports PCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/s2 x Serial ATA 1.5 Gb/s connectors by NVIDIA nForce3 250, support RAID (RAID 0, RAID 1 and JBOD) and "Hot Plug" functions2 x Serial ATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors by JMicron JMB363 (PCIE x1 interface), support RAID (RAID 0, RAID 1 and JBOD), NCQ, AHCI and "Hot Plug" functions1 x eSATAII 3.0 Gb/s connector (shared with 1 SATAII port), supports NCQ, AHCI and "Hot Plug" functionsHDMI Digital TV/projector/LCD devices connection capability7.1 CH Windows Vista Premium level superior audio (C-Media CM6501 audio codec with UAA architecture)ASRock 8CH eSATAII I/O Plus : 1 eSATAII port, 4 ready-to-use USB ports
D7152332	PRODUCT FEATURES:Ramp load/unload technology provides excellent anti-shock capabilityFluid dynamic bearing motor for less noiseS.M.A.R.T Command Transport (SCT) for Adaptive error correctionThermal Flyheight Control (TFC) for improved reliabilityNative Command Queuing for faster accessInternal thermal sensor to monitor the HDD temperature
D7155117	Sapphire Digital Photo Frame support high resolution display what enjoy your precious memories via Sapphire Digital Photo Frame. The Sapphire Digital Photo Frame has elegant ID design what is the best gift for your family and friends.
D7155258	PRODUCT FEATURES:"Instant Cooling"design Massive brushed aluminum housing with integrated steel mesh for highest heat dissipation and sturdinessScrewless & anti-shock HDD mounting design protects HDD and for easy assemblingSleek industrial design with high brightness & long life tri-color LED indicatorExtra USB power cable support to provide sufficient powerSlim and stylish design plus water-resistant travel bag4 extra anti-slippery rubber feet for enclosure included
D7155259	PRODUCT FEATURES:"Instant Cooling" design: massive brushed aluminum housing with integrated steel mesh for highest heat dissipation and sturdinessScrewless and anti-shock HDD mounting design: protects HDD and for easy assemblingSleek industrial design with high brightness and long life tri-color LED indicatorExtra USB power cable support to provide sufficient powerSlim and stylish design plus water-resistant travel bag4 extra anti-slippery rubber feet for enclosure included
D7155304	PRODUCT FEATURES:1300 VA uninterruptible power supply (UPS) to keep electronic devices running when mains power is downUp to 70 minutes of back-up time to save important data or to prevent damaged hardwareAlso provides protection against common power problems such as voltages sags and spikes4 protected outputs for PC, monitor and other important peripheralsExtra reliability for connected devices thanks to RFI filter, surge protection, AVR function and modem / fax / phone protection
D7156263	SilverStone's Crown CW03 is a full featured HTPC enclosure designed for the most discerning home theater enthusiasts. With the venerable LaSalle LC18 model as the starting point, the CW03 improves every aspect of the former case from specification to user impression. LC18's excellent grade-A 7" Hitachi LCD is retained, but additional engineering breakthroughs enable CW03's integrated LCD to now support resolutions up to an incredible 1920 x 1200 pixels, a feat never before seen in a screen of its size. This specification allows CW03's to be used in conjunction with any Full HD television on the market. Supplementing the LCD is an advanced touch panel capable of digital pen function or standard mouse movements. In addition to the primary touchscreen control, a multi-functional remote is included to complete an impressive list of media features. To house all the new technology, an intelligent cooling layout is reinforced with thick aluminum frame finished to high-end home theater component standards. The styling of CW03 is a blend of classic lines and high-tech looks, making it the perfect flagship chassis for SilverStone's Crown series.
D7156282	Hot Plug & Play and hot swappableStart-up without driver installationLow noise without fanPower switch on the backVertical and horizontal settableSupport all 3,5" SATA and PATA (IDE) HDDUSB2.0 interface up to 480Mb/s transfer ratePower supply, data cables and sockets in the scope of supplyWithout disk capacity limit
D7156329	PRODUCT FEATURES:Notebook anti-theft protectionFixation at notebook standard safety slashRugged steel cable, metal lockProtective PVC coatingCombination lock with 10.000 combinationsIndividual combination adjustable
D7159078	Marketing description is not available.
D7169591	Flash Survivor is an extremely durable, water resistant, drop-tested flash USB memory drive. By design it is perfect for transporting valuable data such as personal files, photos and applications without having to worry about damage or loss of data due to the elements.
D7181170	IB-MP303 is the ultimate Digital Multimedia Storage and Player that can be addressed to a wide variety of users. Everything you love about multimedia, movies, music, and photos is brought to you with IB-MP303. Home users who want to build a state-of-the-art, versatile home theater.Stores, Agencies, Exhibitors, and Companies that want audio/visual promotion of their products (indoor advertising).Parents who want to back-up and replay their family videos.Movie and music lovers who want to enjoy their favorites at all times.DivX enthusiasts that want to enjoy their DivX/MPEG4 videos with exceptional Dolby Digital (AC3) sound.Every computer fan owning a TV, home theater, or other A/V equipment.IB-MP303 can be connected to any PC or Mac via USB interface supporting the file formats: FAT32, NTFS, HFS+ (Mac OS extended). With up to 480 Mbps transfer rate (in USB 2.0 connections), you can quickly move large multimedia files from your computer to IB-MP303.
D7185130	Your work, your photos, your songs, your digital video, your memories. Store them all safely and securely in Maxtor’s External Desktop Hard Drive. Ideal for home and office, it’s easy to use - just connect the power adapter; then connect the USB cable into your PC or Mac and your Maxtor Desktop Hard Drive appears as another drive on your computer. Perfect for the Home PC or laptop user who needs extra storage in a hurry.Use the extra capacity to free up the space on your PC or Mac for better performance, or to add more of your favorite files – every 100GB of storage can hold up to 32,000 digital photos (JPEG normal), or 1665 hours of digital music(MP3), or 100 hours of digital video.Maxtor has been providing proven, reliable storage solutions for over 20 years. The industrial design of this next generation of external hard drives includes shock protection, EMI protection and the newest SATA hard drive technology.
D7192302	You live at the forefront of technology, and you won't settle for less from your favorite software. That's why AMD is proud to bring you the AMD Athlon 64 processor, with AMD64 technology for dramatically higher performance and built-in support for future 64-bit applications - even running 32- and 64-bit software at the same time. Maximize system efficiency and stay ahead of the curve with the technically superior PC processor, packed with advances such as HyperTransport technology and an integrated DDR memory controller. Whether it is for business, school or play, with the AMD Athlon 64 processor, you can address your current and future computing needs.
D7192312	The AVerTV Hybrid Super 007 is the best solution for switching the TV system from analog to digital area. You don't need to spend money on purchasing different TV cards for different standards and waste time on switching components. Only with this card can you watch both analog TV and high quality Digital Terrestrial TV as well as to listen to FM or digital radio.By incorporating the Philips chipset the AVerTV Hybrid Super 007 has great features that made them very popular by bundling a TV tuner, video capture and video conferencing functions all in one card.
D7192964	Marketing description is not available.
D7192967	Marketing description is not available.
D7192969	PRODUCT FEATURES:20/200 MBit full duplexAutomatic speedStore and forward architectureAuto MDI / MDI-X functionInternal power supply
D7192972	PRODUCT FEATURES:Stable sheet steel shelf in light grayComplete with fixing material
D7193541	You live at the forefront of technology, and you won't settle for less from your favorite software. That's why AMD is proud to bring you the AMD Athlon 64 processor, with AMD64 technology for dramatically higher performance and built-in support for future 64-bit applications - even running 32- and 64-bit software at the same time. Maximize system efficiency and stay ahead of the curve with the technically superior PC processor, packed with advances such as HyperTransport technology and an integrated DDR memory controller. Whether it is for business, school or play, with the AMD Athlon 64 processor, you can address your current and future computing needs.
D7194338	Palm-sized, durable and stylish with outstanding performance and capacity, Verbatim Portable Hard Drive offers the ultimate convenient, highly portable data storage solution. Verbatim Hard Drive combines the best features of hard drive designs in one attractive package. Quite simply, the Verbatim Portable Hard Drive provides quality without compromise.
D7194700	PRODUCT FEATURES:Enermax Zero-Screw design patented: just put HDD inside, connect it and close the enclosure without any screwsDesigned for 3.5" SATAI and II and IDE HDD with USB 2.0 interface for instant plug and playSleek industrial design with high brightness and long life tri-color LED indicatorBuilt-in power On/Off switch for safe operationVertical acrylic stand with rubber for desktop use4 extra anti-slippery rubber feet for enclosure included
D7194702	PRODUCT FEATURES:Enermax "Zero-Screw" design (patented): just put HDD inside, connect it and close the enclosure without any screws"Instant Cooling" design: massive brushed aluminum housing with integrated steel mesh for highest heat dissipation and sturdinesseSATA expansion slot bracket included to install in any desktop case for eSATA connectionDesigned for 3.5" SATA I & II HDD with external SATA (eSATA) interface for 3.0Gb/sec (6 times faster than USB2.0)Sleek industrial design with high brightness & long life tri-color LED indicatorBuilt-in power On/Off switch for safe operationVertical acrylic stand with rubber for desktop use4 extra anti-slippery rubber feet for enclosure included
D7195755	Brother PT-1280DT is a stylish desktop labeling machine which is big on features but compact in size. It has an easy to use keyboard and operates using the mains adaptor supplied or via 6 x AAA batteries.
D7197251	PRODUCT FEATURES:Optimized design for both liquid cooling and air cooling systemSliding removable hood with toolbox on top (upgradable to LCS)10 PCI slots design for quad-graphic card configurationTool free design for 5.25 device and PCI slotSliding motherboard trayIndependent thermal management for CPU, VGA and HDDCable management system for better cable routing and internal air flowEvolutionary adjustable PSU supporting bridgeMicroATX, ATX, Extend-ATX supported
D7197252	PRODUCT FEATURES:Optimized design for both liquid cooling and air cooling systemSliding removable hood with toolbox on top (Upgradable to LCS)10 PCI slots design for quad-graphic card configurationTool free design for 5.25 device and PCI slotSliding motherboard trayIndependent thermal management for CPU, VGA & HDDCable management system for better cable routing and internal air flowEvolutionary adjustable PSU supporting bridgeMicroATX, ATX, Extend-ATX supported
D7198226	Marketing description is not available.
D7198227	Marketing description is not available.
D7198514	Designed for current generation notebooks and mini-PCs, Corsair's high density SODIMMs allow users to maximize memory bandwidth and minimize performance bottleneck to deliver superior user experience.
D7198523	The Mac Memory SODIMMs allow users to maximize memory bandwidth and minimize performance bottlenecks to deliver a superior user experience. Built to Corsair's legendary quality and reliability standards, each module is tested to ensure maximum compatibility.The Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices.This Mac Memory module is individually tested and certified to be compatible with the MacBook, the MacBook Pro, and Intel-based versions of the iMac.
D7200468	PRODUCT FEATURES:Serial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportImproved recording stability over temperature with PMRAdvanced dynamic FOD control for best data integrityIntelligent compensation of external disturbanceSATA native command queuing featureDevice initiated SATA power managementStaggerd spin-up supportRotational vibration sensorEnvironment friendly product with RoHS complianceImproved performance with dual-ARM based firmwareATA automatic acoustic management featureATA 48-bit address featureATA device configuration overlay featureNoiseGuardSilentSeek
D7201377	Mini keyboard with integrated touchpadTouchpad with scroll page area and 2 mouse function keysModern design in noble, matt black SoftSkin coatingFull functionality of a full-size layout keyboardExtremely silent stroke and tactile feedback due to high-quality soft-touch membrane technologyAppealing blue status LEDs for caps, num, and scroll lock with light-stripe designPlug and Play installation without any special driverIdeal for 19"-IPC, POS, reception-counters, training rooms, conference and presentation rooms, digital living rooms, and so on
D7204119	MSI P7N Diamond is based on the nForce chipset and supports 3-way SLI technology. The MSI P7N series offers users the ultimate performance, a brand circu-pipe cooling system, high quality POSCAP solid capacitors, integrated LEDPOST, onboard buttons for reset & power and CMOS.
D7205578	Cruzer Micro now ships with U3 smart technology. Co-invented by SanDisk, U3 technology gives you the ability to carry your files and your software on a secure USB drive. You can have your wallpaper, preferences, favorites, profiles, and more - everything you need for a familiar computing experience on any PC, wherever you go.Includes Skype exclusively on all Cruzer Micro and Cruzer Titanium USB flash drives. Make voice and video calls from PC to PC anywhere in the world. Cruzer Micro allows you to easily carry and transfer key documents, pictures, music and video clips from one computer to another. The retractable USB port eliminates the need for caps and protects your USB connector.
D7205583	Cruzer Micro now ships with U3 smart technology. Co-invented by SanDisk, U3 technology gives you the ability to carry your files AND your software on a secure USB drive. You can have your wallpaper, preferences, favorites, profiles, and more - everything you need for a familiar computing experience on any PC, wherever you go.Cruzer Micro USB flash drives include Skype exclusively on all. Make voice and video calls from PC to PC anywhere in the world. Cruzer Micro allows you to easily carry and transfer key documents, pictures, music and video clips from one computer to another. The retractable USB port eliminates the need for caps and protects your USB connector.
D7205732	PRODUCT FEATURES:Smoother cursor control on virtually any surfaceCordless mini-receiver Installs instantly and stays out of sight to ensure a clutter-free cordless experience.Works with both desktop and notebook computersSoft rubber grips and contoured shape give you superior comfort and effortless controlSide-to-Side Scrolling Plus ZoomUniversal forward/back buttonsLonger battery life (up to 8)
D7205740	Enjoy total control of your PC entertainment from your sofa. Palm-sized, cordless mini-keyboard fits in your hand and gives you optimal control and access of the PC entertainment you love, including browsing the Internet, watching TV, listening to music and playing PC games. Dedicated Windows Media Center controls optimize launch and navigation of Microsoft's popular entertainment platform. Integrated, dual-purpose ClickPad enhances control and access with innovative technology that can be used as a touch pad and a directional pad. Rechargeable Li-ion batteries give you up to one month of battery life. Bluetooth wireless technology provides long-range wireless control from up to 10 m (30 ft). Backlighting makes text entry effortless, even in low light.
D7208769	Marketing description is not available.
D7208772	The SkyStar HD2 is a TV card for your PC that allows you to receive TV broadcasts in both PAL and HDTV formats. The abbreviation HDTV stands for high definition TV. This is a worldwide digital TV standard that provides sharp contours, rich colors and tremendous depth. In addition, HDTV broadcasts very often provide impressive surround sound. Naturally, the SkyStar HD2 also supports Dolby AC 3.
D7208775	Marketing description is not available.
D7210066	PRODUCT FEATURES:Powered by GeForce 7200 GS GPUSupports PCI ExpressMicrosoft DirectX 9.0c and OpenGL 2.0 supportIntegrated 256MB GDDR2 64-bit memory interface and support NVIDIA TurboCache TechnologySupports PureVideo technologyFeatures DVI-I / D-sub
D7211407	Discover the coverage and speed advantages of 802.11n wireless networks with the NETGEAR ProSafe 802.11n dual band access point WNDAP330. Designed to deliver the superior wireless network that your clients want with the features and reliability that your business needs, the WNDAP330 makes it easy to move into the 802.11n world. The WNDAP330 provides the flexibility to manage a graceful transition from legacy networks. N clients on this network will experience superior throughput and range, while legacy clients will continue to function. Designed to operate within the power limitations of existing Power over Ethernet (PoE) infrastructure and contained in a metal housing, the WNDAP330 offers great flexibility of placement for optimal wireless performance. Packed with business-class features for stronger security and easier manageability, the WNDAP330 is the right fit for your business. It is time to move to a better wireless network experience.
D7211434	The NETGEAR RangeMax Dual Band Wireless-N USB 2.0 Adapter WNDA3100 delivers consistent wireless connections using 5 GHz Wireless-N. It works with both 5 GHz and dual band Wireless-N Gateways, Routers and Access Points.
D7213779	PRODUCT FEATURES:Intel P35 + ICH9 ChipsetsCompatible with FSB1600 / 1333MHz CPUsSupports ATI CrossFireUntied overclocking: during overclocking, FSB enjoys better margin due to fixed PCIE / PCI BusesHybrid Booster - Safe Overclocking technologySupports PCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000Mb/s4x Serial ATAII 3.0Gb/s connectors, support NCQ, AHCI and Hot Plug functionsHDMI SPDIF header, providing SPDIF audio output to HDMI VGA card, allows the system to connect HDMI Digital TV / projector / LCD devicesSupports I. O. T. (Intelligent Overclocking Technology), ASRock OC Tuner
D7214216	Long thought to be the market of the conservative gamer, the affordable mainstream products, which use to suffer only adequate performance, now experiences a frame rate revival with the Sapphire HD 3850. Built upon the award-winning Radeon HD 3850 core, the Sapphire 3850 offers a comprehensive feature set that eclipses previous and current mainstream offerings. Unleash the enthusiast inside you with support for advanced technologies such as DirectX 10.1 and Shader Model 4.1. Pair two together for the ultimate gaming experience with CrossFire X support! Jam a Sapphire HD 3850 into your rig and still have some coin left over to buy that title you have been waiting for!
D7215656	Catering to astute users who require the best performance for their games and overclocking alike, the ASUS Republic of Gamers, has released the new Rampage Formula motherboard. With the innovative Pin-Fin Thermal Module and Intel X48 Chipset, this cutting-edge motherboard provides quiet, efficient cooling that allows users to enjoy a more stable environment for overclocking. Additionally, the inclusion of the innovative overclocking technology - CPU Level Up, lets users obtain flexible CPU overclocking easily - even without prior overclocking knowledge.
D7218405	PRODUCT FEATURES:eSATA II ExpressCard to upgrade or extend your notebook with one eSATA II connectionIdeal for quickly synchronizing and backing up big filesSuitable to connect external eSATA devices such as fast external hard disksHigh speed SATA II data transfer rate up to 3.0Gbps; 12x faster than USB 2.0 with lower CPU overheadHot swappable connector: change your SATA storage device while the notebook is powered on
D7222383	Add a bit of color to your workstation. With its intensive color and blue backlit scroll-wheel, the Snappy Mouse is a real eye-catcher on any desktop. The optical sensor ensures precise and fluid scanning. Simply plug it into your USB port - no driver needed!
D7222386	Add a bit of color to your workstation. With its intensive color and blue backlit scroll-wheel, the Snappy Mouse is a real eye-catcher on any desktop. The optical sensor ensures precise and fluid scanning. Simply plug it into your USB port - no driver needed!
D7222532	PRODUCT FEATURES:Share USB 2.0 high-speed devices on the networkProvide two USB 2.0 high-speed host portShare printers, storage devices and scanner on the networkNetUSB integratedShare USB hard disk, flash drive and card readerSupport single user NTFS hard drive accessSupport SMB/CIFS and FTP file server with user level securityLAN: 10/100 MbpsWireless LAN IEEE 802.11g, 54MbpsSupports easy setup through web browser
D7222949	WD Caviar Blue16 drives combine 16 MB cache with 3 Gb/s transfer rate for lightning-fast performance in demanding desktop and workstation applications. Technologically advanced acoustics minimize noise and cool drive operation and enhanced reliability features help protect the drive and the data stored on it.
D7223032	PC enthusiasts are no stranger to the name Cooler Master. Known for industry leading designs and superb thermal performance, using Cooler Master means using the best. Today, Cooler Master is proud to launch the latest PC chassis in its award-winning Centurion series - the Centurion 590. Sporting a fully-meshed front panel design, tool-free user-friendliness, and an extra roomy interior, the Centurion 590 offers a mid-tower case fit for PC users everywhere.Bold and sleek, the Centurion 590 performs as well as it looks. Its front panel features a fully-meshed design that provides superior airflow. Add to that fully ventilated side and top panels and you have a PC chassis capable of keeping the most demanding systems cool as can be. In fact, the Centurion 590 can accommodate up to eight 120mm fans for high-efficiency ventilation. Air cooling not enough? The Centurion 590 has you covered with rear retaining holes designed for after-market liquid cooling kits. Any way you slice it, the Centurion 590 is one cool customer.
D7223040	The Chieftec Aegis Series CX-05 offers an optimal thermal solution, providing as many as 5 cooling fans to ensure cool and quiet running. Considering the chassis depth of 540mm, the longer Mediumtower accommodates not only mATX and ATX but EATX mainboards so that this chassis may be implemented into the server and/or workstation technology like the Bigtower.
D7224407	PRODUCT FEATURES:Effective heat dissipationQuiet in Idle and Busy mode by Specific Smart Fan Control technologyPremium I/O port support
D7224408	Intel Gigabit LANEffective heat dissipationQuiet in idle and busy mode by Specific Smart Fan Control technologyPremium I/O port supportAlternative of vertical stand or horizontal laying
D7230363	Carry your music, video, and photos in style with WD's My Passport Essential portable drive. It features big capacity in a small elegant design.The WD's My Passport Essential portable drives are simple to use, light and easy to carry, and require no power adapter - they are powered directly through the USB cable and work with Windows and Mac. Synchronize files between home and office and encrypt everything on the drive for added security.
D7230364	These elegant portable drives are simple to use, light and easy to carry, and require no power adapter - they are powered directly through the USB cable.Pack up your office files and take them home. Carry thousands of songs or pictures. Synchronize files between home and office and encrypt everything on the drive for added security. Combine a beautiful gloss-black case that fits smoothly in your hand and pocket with mega-capacity for all your digital content and the world's most popular portable drive just got better than ever. Installation is a snap because you don't really "install" this drive, you just plug it in and it's ready to use. There is no CD to install; the included software loads from the drive the first time you plug it in.
D7230657	Since its introduction, Cooler Master's Cosmos PC Chassis has garnering numerous awards and accolades around the world. Today, the best just got better as Cooler Master unleashes the Cosmos S Chassis, featuring a racing design, a touch-sensitive panel, and a gamut of user-friendly features, the Cosmos S is the evolution of the ultimate PC enclosure.When laying eyes on the Cosmos S for the first time, one is immediately drawn in by its sleek contours and exhilarating styling. Inspired by the some of the world's finest race cars, the Cosmos S exudes both speed and sophistication. From the meshed front and side panels to the brushed aluminum finish, the Cosmos S is pure lust, offering an enclosure fit for evolved sensibilities of the discriminating PC enthusiast.
D7231200	This powerful graphics card lets users enjoy an outstanding 10% improvement in gaming experiences; while both the ASUS EAH3650/HTDI are designed to provide feature-rich DirectX 10.1 gaming and the best multimedia playback while consuming less power with the power efficient 55 nm processors. Furthermore, the equipped Glaciator Fansink will keep the GPU 12 ºC cooler than reference designed fansinks.
D7231827	Marketing description is not available.
D7233261	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7233263	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7233267	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7235899	Cruzer Titanium is an extremely rugged and smart USB flash drive. It is built with Liquidmetal casing that is crush-resistant to over 2,000 lbs. Cruzer Titanium also includes U3 smart technology. Co-Invented by SanDisk, U3 technology gives you the ability to carry your files AND your software on a secure USB drive. You can have your wallpaper, preferences, favorites, profiles, and more - everything you need for a familiar computing experience on any PC, wherever you go.Cruzer Titanium allows you to easily store key documents, pictures, music and video clips and transfer them to another computer with a USB port. New retractable USB port eliminates the need for caps and protects your USB connector.
D7236074	Maxtor DiamondMax 22 hard drive follows the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. This drive provides a value solution for applications needing high-capacity storage.DiamondMax 22 hard drive utilizes proven Seagate second-generation perpendicular magnetic recording technology with features and value that can go head-to-head with any competitor.DiamondMax 22 drives use the SATA 3Gb/s interface with Native Command Queuing.
D7236104	PRODUCT FEATURES:Untied overclocking: during overclocking, FSB enjoys better margin due to fixed AGP/PCIE/ PCI BusesHybrid Booster - Safe overclocking technology2 x Serial ATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support RAID (RAID 0, RAID 1, and JBOD) and Hot Plug functionsHDMI SPDIF header, providing SPDIF audio output to HDMI VGA card, allows the system to connect HDMI Digital TV/projector/LCD devicesHigh definition audio
D7236828	Elite 334 features superior thermal solution and easy installation. Black meshed front panel forms the succinct appearance. Just as its name - Elite 334, it is presented to those people who would like to start holding high-quality products in their arm. Undoubtedly, it would be pity for you to miss it.
D7236830	SilverStone's third Kublai mid tower chassis is made for aficionados and serious computer users that require a high level component with no trade-offs for cooling and quietness. Following the designing concept of previous chassis from Kublai series, the KL03 also possess many features borrowed from the Temjin series. Constructed using steel and aluminum, this chassis strikes a great balance between external aesthetics and excellent structural rigidity. With blue LED ring adorning a shield-shaped extruded aluminum panel and sleek hair-line surface, a noble appearance matches perfectly with the functional design that SilverStone's engineers have devised. The interior and cooling layout gives option for 120mm side fans (side panel), which can further elevate the performance level of KL03, making this chassis a great choice regardless of the intended application.
D7236832	The ST50F is power supplies with elevated performance that also satisfy both users and the environment. Their smart running 120mm fan will ensure maximum efficiency with the least amount of noise possible while the advanced active PFC circuitry helps reduce overall power consumption. As the norm for all Strider series, the exterior of all three models are dressed in durable black surface to reflect the quality components within.
D7237570	Leather texture revives your sense and warms your heart. P2-P5945GC, with the elegant and slim design, enriches your life by providing rich features for multimedia applications.
D7237881	The MSI P7N Zilent motherboard based on the NVIDIA nForce 750i chipset is bundled with the award winning ZALMAN NP9500 cooler. MSI offers with the MSI P7N Zilent great value for money. The motherboard is equipped with the MSI circuit-pipe cooler, combined with the ZALMAN cooler this provides extreme overclocking possibilities! The MSI P7N Zilent supports FSB 1333 MHz, 3 way NVIDIA SLI, PCI-Express generation 2.0, eSATA and is equipped with a TPM pin header. Further, the MSI P7N Zilent is equipped with the special MSI GreenPower PWM design (PWM: Pulse Width Modulation). This is a dual channel 4-fase PWM. Each channel is built up by 2 shielded chokes (to prevent power leakage) and a MOSFET base which provides the highest power efficiency. This technology leads the motherboard's power design in fewer phases to provide better power supply.
D7238228	The dual-sided Razer eXactMat provides two distinct performance surfaces - speed for action/adventure and FPS games and high-sensitivity gamers; and control for RPG and RTS games and low-sensitivity gamers - on a non-slip, anti-reflective and abrasion-resistant anodized aluminum hard coat. Oversized and uniquely-shaped, the Razer eXactMat gaming mousepad is specifically designed to support all opti-mechanical and optical mice for precise movements.
D7238349	WD Scorpio Blue drives offer high-performance, low power consumption, and cool operation, perfect for notebooks and other portable devices. Pick the drive that suits your needs with the confidence in knowing that all WD Scorpio Blue drives are built to the highest standards of quality and reliability.
D7238422	SilverStone's third Kublai mid tower chassis is made for aficionados and serious computer users that require a high level component with no trade-offs for cooling and quietness. Following the designing concept of previous chassis from Kublai series, the KL03 also possess many features borrowed from the Temjin series. Constructed using steel and aluminum, this chassis strikes a great balance between external aesthetics and excellent structural rigidity. With blue LED ring adorning a shield-shaped extruded aluminum panel and sleek hair-line surface, a noble appearance matches perfectly with the functional design that SilverStone's engineers have devised. The interior and cooling layout gives option for 120mm side fans (side panel), which can further elevate the performance level of KL03, making this chassis a great choice regardless of the intended application.
D7238423	SilverStone's third Kublai mid tower chassis is made for aficionados and serious computer users that require a high level component with no trade-offs for cooling and quietness. Following the designing concept of previous chassis from Kublai series, the KL03 also possess many features borrowed from the Temjin series. Constructed using steel and aluminum, this chassis strikes a great balance between external aesthetics and excellent structural rigidity. With blue LED ring adorning a shield-shaped extruded aluminum panel and sleek hair-line surface, a noble appearance matches perfectly with the functional design that SilverStone's engineers have devised. The interior and cooling layout gives option for 120mm side fans (side panel), which can further elevate the performance level of KL03, making this chassis a great choice regardless of the intended application.
D7238426	As the size of the external storage space increases, so should the data transfer speed and the convenience that external storage provides, the MS05 from SilverStone is a versatile 2.5" external storage with an added convenience of 3.5" docking bay design. MS05 is a time saving solution to transfer/backup files between PCs and/or laptops, with its eSATA interface supported on the 3.5" docking bay unit, and the hot swappable design on the 2.5" external storage. You can just insert and enjoy the high transfer speed with your PC, and not have to wait too long for information you already have.
D7238427	Dark Power Pro is the high-quality power adapter for perfectionists: powerful due to its highly-developed technology and extremely high degree of efficiency - unique in terms of service and quality.With its cable management system (18 cables), every user is ideally set up for the future. ECASO thermal technology protects the PC components from overheating and guarantees a long service life. The special be quiet! fan technology plays a decisive role in ensuring that the award-winning brand runs quietly.Dark Power Pro is also a big winner in a small package - it fits into any standard case.
D7238428	Dark Power Pro is the high-quality power adapter for perfectionists: powerful due to its highly-developed technology and extremely high degree of efficiency - unique in terms of service and quality.Dark Power Pro is also a big winner in a small package: it fits into any standard case.
D7238429	Dark Power Pro is the high-quality power adapter for perfectionists: powerful due to its highly-developed technology and extremely high degree of efficiency - unique in terms of service and quality.With its cable management system (18 cables), every user is ideally set up for the future. ECASO thermal technology protects the PC components from overheating and guarantees a long service life. The special be quiet! fan technology plays a decisive role in ensuring that the award-winning brand runs quietly.Dark Power Pro is also a big winner in a small package - it fits into any standard case.
D7239722	The 'mechanical specifications' of Verbatim media are very precise, and data written to it can be read in a wide range of drives. As a result, Verbatim discs demonstrate a high level of compatibility between drives running at a wide range of speeds.Lightscribe direct disc labeling is using a disc to burn data onto, then flipping the disc over, in the same drive and creating a professional looking label that is laser etched onto the disc surface. It is simple, just 'Burn, Flip, Burn' with Lightscribe direct disc labeling. CD-R Lightscribe V1.2 offers enhanced contrast and a faster labeling time.
D7239723	The 'mechanical specifications' of Verbatim media are very precise, and data written to it can be read in a wide range of drives. As a result, Verbatim discs demonstrate a high level of compatibility between drives running at a wide range of speeds.
D7239783	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7242263	The EOS 450D blends an uncompromising performance with ease of use in a lightweight, ergonomic body. Capture your world with a 12.2 megapixel CMOS sensor and the very latest Canon technologies. The 12.2 megapixel CMOS sensor gives you plenty of detail for poster-size prints and extra flexibility when cropping. Sensitive in low light and virtually noise-free, Canon's CMOS sensors are also remarkably power-efficient.The EOS 450D captures up to 3.5 frames per second for a continuous burst of up to 53 large JPEG images. The 9 AF points are spread out across the frame to better accommodate off-center subjects. The central AF point is a high sensitivity cross type sensor for quick, accurate focusing with f/2.8 and faster lenses.
D7242264	The EOS 450D blends an uncompromising performance with ease of use in a lightweight, ergonomic body. Capture your world with a 12.2 megapixel CMOS sensor and the very latest Canon technologies. The 12.2 megapixel CMOS sensor gives you plenty of detail for poster-size prints and extra flexibility when cropping. Sensitive in low light and virtually noise-free, Canon's CMOS sensors are also remarkably power-efficient.The EOS 450D captures up to 3.5 frames per second for a continuous burst of up to 53 large JPEG images. The 9 AF points are spread out across the frame to better accommodate off-center subjects. The central AF point is a high sensitivity cross type sensor for quick, accurate focusing with f/2.8 and faster lenses.
D7244130	With Canon’s Dual Flash Memory System, you’re always ready to shoot – even if there’s no spare media to hand. Record up to 6 hours of HD footage to 16Gb internal memory. Use SD/SDHC memory cards for extra capacity, or to share your movies with friends.Flash memory allows for an incredibly compact design that’s small enough to carry in your pocket. Since flash memory involves no moving parts, your precious memories are better protected against knocks and bumps.The HF10 records 1920x1080 Full HD video – matching the resolution of Full HD TVs for the best possible picture quality.Enjoy superior quality HD video via the combination of unique Canon technologies: a Canon HD Video Lens with 12x optical zoom, a 3.3 MP Canon Full HD CMOS sensor, and the powerful DIGIC DV II processor.Focusing errors and camera shake are more noticeable when shooting in HD. Instant AF and a Super Range Optical Image Stabilizer provide a unique solution to these two problems.Shoot with a range of optional peripherals. Manual audio controls, plus microphone and headphone connections, let you capture a great soundtrack. HDMI provides a simple way to get your HD movies onto a TV or compatible computer.With low power consumption, flash memory lets you shoot for longer. The camcorder is also compatible with a high capacity battery pack for even greater shooting times. An Intelligent battery system displays remaining charge to the minute.The HF10 lets you capture 3.1 Megapixel photos. Even take 2.07MP shots during recording or grab them from movies you’ve already made. A range of other advanced features are available.Preview your movies with family and friends on the 2.7" Multiangle Vivid LCD screen – easy for everyone to gather around. With HCAR surface treatment, images look sharper and colors are vibrant; screen reflection is also minimized.The HF10 is compatible with Canon’s optional DW-100 – the easiest way to get your HD movies onto a DVD. Alternatively, Pixela ImageMixer 3 SE is provided – organize, play back and edit your video clips on a PC, then convert them to other file formats.
D7244132	From Canon's long history of optical excellence, advanced image processing, superb performance and technological innovation in photographic and broadcast television cameras comes the latest in camcorders.With the light, compact Canon FS11, you can have stunning video with the ease and numerous benefits of flash memory, at an affordable price. Flash memory is used in some of the world's most innovative electronic products such as laptop computers, MP3 players, PDAs and cell phones. Canon offers the best in flash memory with dual flash memory - record to both the camcorder's 16 GB internal memory and a removable SDHC card, extending your available recording space and offering added flexibility in file transfer and playback. It is just the thing for catching more of your life's most special moments.Add to that the FS11's Canon exclusive features such as Canon 48x Advanced Zoom and the DIGIC DV II Image Processor, combined with a CCD image sensor, Image Stabilization and a Widescreen LCD - and you truly have a flash memory camcorder that's both hard to beat and unmistakably Canon.
D7244136	Around the world, the name Canon means optical excellence, advanced image processing and superb performance. And Canon digital video camcorders are no exception.If your choice of recording media is DVD, you'll find a family of capable and technologically sophisticated DVD camcorders built with the Canon know how which you've come to expect in all Canon products.Affordable, sleek and easy-to-operate, the Canon DC320 gives you the convenience of DVD technology, along with an exclusive Canon 48x Advanced Zoom - a feature only possible with Canon industry-leading optical technology. It also boasts Canon's advanced DIGIC DV II image processor, a 1.07 Megapixel CCD, SD card image storage capability, Quick Start and Joystick Control. Add to that the long recording time available thanks to its high capacity battery and low power consumption and you'll see that the DC320 makes it simpler than ever to capture and share all the unforgettable moments of your life.
D7244137	Affordable, sleek and easy-to-operate, the Canon DC330 gives you the convenience of DVD technology, along with the exclusive Canon 48x Advanced Zoom- a feature only possible with the industry-leading optical technology. It also boasts the advanced DIGIC DV II Image Processor, a 1.07 megapixel CCD, SD card image storage capability, Quick Start, Joystick Control and another Canon exclusive, the Multi-Angle Remote. Add to that the long recording time available thanks to its high capacity battery and low power consumption and you'll see that the DC330 makes it simpler than ever to capture and share all the unforgettable moments of your life.
D7244139	Marketing description is not available.
D7244140	Each camcorder offers true widescreen recording, easy and intuitive operation, and the advantage of Canon's quick start feature. The MD200 series caters for a wide variety of needs - from megapixel CCD recording to camcorders that feature a microphone input connection.With a Canon 45x advanced zoom and a microphone input connection, the MD235 is a versatile megapixel camcorder. Capture panoramic true widescreen images in brilliant color thanks to DIGIC DV.
D7244141	Getting closer to the action is easy with a Canon 45x Advanced Zoom - the quality of genuine Canon optics and the power of DIGIC DV processing bring even distant subjects near. An Electronic Image Stabilizer (EIS) helps eliminate camera shake and keeps movies looking smooth.With a one-push Easy mode, even total novices can use the MD255 to shoot great-looking footage. A handy joystick controller, located on the frame of the LCD, provides easy access to more sophisticated moviemaking features. The multiangle remote control gives you even greater shooting freedom: with a remote sensor positioned on the camcorder's fold out LCD screen, simply angle the screen towards you to shoot from virtually any location.The MD255 lets you use the LCD screen as a handy video light. When turned to face your shooting subject, it provides enough illumination to let you record close-up in poorly-lit situations.
D7244512	The Club 3D HD3650 is built for extreme HD video experience and gaming. Excellent image quality and rock solid driver support will guarantee the best possible graphics experience on your desktop PC. Be ready to boost your games and enhance your HD Video content.
D7245421	The speed you need. The control you crave. This is the only Cordless Desktop to feature the rechargeable MX Revolution hyper-fast scrolling laser mouse, and a dynamic keyboard display.
D7245675	With its sleek and slim design, P3-P5G31 can be placed vertically or horizontally to accommodate any work and home environments. It also runs quietly to deliver a peaceful working environment.
D7246594	Chieftec presents its original adapter-plate, the CT-600-MSE to further enhance the compatibility of the chassis thereby offering the opportunity of integrating non-CEB standard Mainboards. This special installation plate may be installed into the Big, medium and 54cm-deep - Miditower of the Bravo, BX, UNI, Mesh, Smart and CX series.
D7249141	The Spire Jewel power supplies series are powerful, silent and reliable! Whether it is work or play, business presentations or serious gaming, applications can take center stage because they no longer have to compete with typical PC cooling noise. Support for the SLI and CrossFire dual graphics technology combined with support for the SATA hard drives makes the energy efficient Jewel power supplies series from Spire a great solution for any ATX based PC.
D7249142	The Spire Jewel power supplies series is powerful, silent and reliable! Whether it is work or play, business presentations or serious gaming, applications can take center stage because they no longer have to compete with typical PC cooling noise. Support for the SLI and CrossFire dual graphics technology combined with support for the SATA hard drives makes the energy efficient Jewel power supplies series from Spire a great solution for any ATX based PC.
D7250256	Marketing description is not available.
D7250258	Marketing description is not available.
D7250259	PRODUCT FEATURES:Dedicated for EOS 450DEasy vertical shootingAccommodates two LP-E5 battery for high volume shooting, battery life extended to 1,200 shotsBattery Magazine BGM-E5A included for size-AA batteries
D7250260	Marketing description is not available.
D7250271	This compact photo printer delivers true ease of use and amazing results. Its patented print head technology lets you produce beautiful, long-lasting photos with borderless edges, from credit- card size, up to 8.5" x 11", and with resolution up to 4800 x 1200 color dpi. It is fast, too: a superb 4" x 6" borderless print takes only about 55 seconds. For better results, the Auto Image Fix feature automatically corrects images for the best possible exposure, color, brightness and contrast. Also, the specially formulated pigment black ink delivers clear, laser-quality text with better readability and a higher resistance to smudging.
D7250279	The EF 200mm f/2L IS USM is a high-performance medium telephoto lens for professionals. Its large f/2 aperture ensures optimum results indoors and in low light situations.The EF 200mm f/2L IS USM incorporates Canon’s highest standard of precision optics. The L-series is Canon’s flagship lens range, combining outstanding image quality with exceptional operability. Dust and moisture seals offer advanced protection from the elements, even in harsh weather conditions.
D7250280	This is an all-in-one powerhouse. Thanks to its patented print head technology and 5-color ink system, you'll create spectacular photos with 9600 x 2400 color dpi resolution1, and fast: a photo lab quality 4" x 6" borderless print takes only about 21 seconds. Copies will be remarkably true to the originals, and when scanning photos you'll produce impressive 4800-dpi results, with vibrant 48-bit color depth. The built-in Automatic Document Feeder (ADF) holds up to 35 originals and enables automatic duplexing, so you do not have to wait, and then manually turn over your 2-sided original. This versatile machine is networkable via an Ethernet connection. You can also print photos right from memory cards - selecting and enhancing images on the high-resolution 2.5" color TFT display - or directly from a digital camera.
D7250281	Revolutionary 'clear-ink' technology delivers professional quality printing on plain paper. This flagship Office All-In-One offers your business fax, duplex print, copy scan functionality.
D7250291	The magnesium alloy construction of the EF 800mm f/5.6L IS USM makes it a lightweight super-telephoto option. Superior Canon optics provide excellent image quality whilst minimizing lens dimensions.The EF 800mm f/5.6L IS USM incorporates Canon’s highest standard of precision optics. The L-series is Canon’s flagship lens range, combining outstanding image quality with exceptional operability. Dust and moisture seals offer advanced protection from the elements, even in harsh weather conditions.
D7250797	Windows Server 2008 is the most robust Windows Server operating system to date. It is designed to increase the reliability and flexibility of your server infrastructure while helping save time and reduce costs. Powerful tools give you greater control over your servers and streamline configuration and management tasks. Plus, enhanced security features work to harden the operating system to help protect your data and network and provide a solid, highly-dependable foundation for your business. This product does not include Windows Server Hyper-V.
D7250805	Designed to be used specifically as a single-purpose Web server, Windows Web Server 2008 delivers on a rock solid foundation of Web infrastructure capabilities in the next generation Windows Server 2008. Integrated with the newly re-architected IIS 7.0, ASP.NET, and the Microsoft .NET Framework, Windows Web Server 2008 enables any organization to rapidly deploy Web pages, Web sites, Web applications, and Web services.
D7252051	Windows Server 2008 Standard is the most robust Windows Server operating system to date. With built-in, enhanced Web and virtualization capabilities, it is designed to increase the reliability and flexibility of your server infrastructure while helping save time and reduce costs. Powerful tools give you greater control over your servers and streamline configuration and management tasks. Plus, enhanced security features work to harden the operating system to help protect your data and network and provide a solid, highly-dependable foundation for your business.
D7253006	The wheel has been especially developed for racing simulations for PC. Force Vibration guarantees an extremely realistic feeling of driving - even in dicey situations!
D7253265	Catering to user demands for extreme performance, ASUS, worldwide leader in motherboard production, has released the new ASUS M3N-HT Deluxe/Mempipe motherboard. This powerful motherboard encompasses the ingenious Cool Mempipe Technology - an ASUS unique feature with global patent pending that is able to cool system temperatures for extreme performance. The M3N-HT Deluxe/Mempipe also features a NVIDIA nForce 780a SLI chipset, the latest 3-way SLI and Hybrid SLI graphics technologies, revolutionary thermal design; and user friendly features like the ASUS Express Gate - making it the most striking motherboard in the AMD platform.
D7253266	Catering to user demands for extreme performance, ASUS, worldwide leader in motherboard production, has released the new ASUS M3N-HT Deluxe motherboard. The M3N-HT Deluxe also features a NVIDIA nForce 780a SLI chipset, the latest 3-way SLI and Hybrid SLI graphics technologies, revolutionary thermal design; and user friendly features like the ASUS Express Gate - making it the most striking motherboard in the AMD platform.
D7253276	PRODUCT FEATURES:Absolutely quiet heatsink makes 0 db noiseTurboCache technology supportNVIDIA nVIEW Multi-display technologyMicrosoft DirectX 9.0 Shader Model 3.0 support
D7253602	The DRU-190S DVD/CD rewritable drive from Sony Corporation is designed to meet today's data storage demands on systems with available internal S-ATA port.It provides the industry's fastest level of write speed whilst supporting all key DVD/CD format, making it ideal for a variety of applications such as data back-up, data archiving, digital image storing, video content archiving and sharing this content.The drive comes with the award winning Nero 7 Express DVD/CD mastering software.
D7253871	BToes 2.0 in elegant black and stylish shape now comes with the advanced Bluetooth 2.0 technology for the maximum data rate up to 3Mbps and effectively reducing the WLAN interference. With a wide array of profiles, BToes 2.0 is able to connect your Bluetooth-embedded cell phones, mice, keyboards, headsets, speakers, or even toys for the data-and-audio transmission. With two paired BToes 2.0, the PC2PC file transferring can also be easily finished at the finger tips. BToes 2.0 is a perfect choice for people looking for a high-performance Bluetooth USB adapter.
D7254222	The TWIN2X4096-6400C4DHX is a 4096MByte matched pair of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This part delivers outstanding performance in dual-channel DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed.
D7255183	Waterproof case Canon WP-DC22 is specially designed to protect your PowerShot Digital Camera from sea water and sand. It's reliable and easy to use!
D7255186	Key to enjoying the superb video produced by Canon high definition and standard definition camcorders is sharing that video with family and friends. Now, it's easier than ever to transfer and backup footage from your camcorder onto DVDs with the Canon DW-100 DVD Burner.Created to provide data backup for Canon Hard Disk Drive and Flash Memory camcorders, the DW-100 allows you to connect to compatible Canon camcorders to download video and burn AVCHD or Standard Definition DVDs.Still images captured in your compatible Canon camcorder can also be sent to the DW-100 and from them a "photo movie" can be created.The DW-100 will also play back the AVCHD discs created in the burner on an HDTV monitor through your compatible camcorder.
D7255191	From Canon's long history of optical excellence, advanced image processing, superb performance and technological innovation in photographic and broadcast television cameras comes the latest in camcorders.With the light, compact Canon FS100, you can have stunning video with the ease and numerous benefits of flash memory, at an affordable price. Flash memory is used in some of the world's most innovative electronic products such as laptop computers, MP3 players, PDAs and cell phones. It is just the thing for catching more of your life's most special moments.In addition you will get the FS100's Canon exclusive features such as Canon 48x Advanced Zoom and Canon’s DIGIC DV II Image Processor, combined with a CCD image sensor, image stabilization and a widescreen LCD. You can even choose the color for your FS100 that suits you best. It is truly a flash memory camcorder that's both hard to beat and unmistakably Canon.
D7255192	From Canon's long history of optical excellence, advanced image processing, superb performance and technological innovation in photographic and broadcast television cameras comes the latest in camcorders.With the light, compact Canon FS100, you can have stunning video with the ease and numerous benefits of flash memory, at an affordable price. Flash memory is used in some of the world's most innovative electronic products such as laptop computers, MP3 players, PDAs and cell phones. It is just the thing for catching more of your life's most special moments.In addition you will get the FS100's Canon exclusive features such as Canon 48x Advanced Zoom and Canon’s DIGIC DV II Image Processor, combined with a CCD image sensor, image stabilization and a widescreen LCD. You can even choose the color for your FS100 that suits you best. It is truly a flash memory camcorder that's both hard to beat and unmistakably Canon.
D7255724	PRODUCT FEATURES:Low power consumptionPerformance adjusting firmwareSupports "buffer under run" protectionATAPI interfaceData transfer modeStereo audio output
D7256273	This storage appliance represents a compact aluminum case for 2 SATA HDD with USB 2.0 interface and fan.
D7257442	Marketing description is not available.
D7257591	The advent of Blu-ray technology has led to the introduction of high capacity storage discs to meet the demand cause by the rapid growth of high definition television (HDTV).Blu-ray discs get their name from blue laser technology. The shorter wavelength of the laser is the reason it is blue in color. The blue laser has a wavelength of 405nm compared with the wavelength of 650nm for DVD which utilizes red laser technology. The benefit of having a blue laser with a shorter wavelength means it is possible to write smaller data pits and therefore vastly increase the amount of data on the disc.Blu-ray discs offere 3 to 5 times the storage capacity of a standard recordable DVD disc, enabling the recording, rewriting and playback of high definition video (HD).
D7257592	Marketing description is not available.
D7258294	The Accelero S1 Rev. 2 dramatically extends the compatibility to many of the latest graphic cards. It supports high-end to main stream graphic cards.The Accelero S1 Rev. 2 now comes with a flexible mounting mechanism, multiple screw hole sets and modifications to the heat pipes enabling it to fit a wider range of leading graphic cards. As a result more gamers can benefit from adopting the Accelero S1 Rev. 2 which dramatically improves their gaming experience.To provide passive cooling for high-end graphic cards, Accelero S1 Rev. 2 is a high performance passive cooler featuring 4 heat pipes connected with extra large surface area. It effectively removes a great deal of heat from the graphic cards keeping the components cool. Thanks to the elegant design, Accelero S1 Rev. 2 outperforms active cooling solutions. Accelero S1 Rev. 2 creates a true industry leading zero noise cooling solution for all enthusiast gamers.
D7258418	The TL-WA601G Wireless Access Point provides connectivity between Ethernet wired networks and radio-equipped wireless devices.It adopts Super G WLAN Transmission Technology, which offers the highest throughput performance available on the market. The router can attach IEEE 802.11b, 802.11g and 108Mbps Super G devices at the same time in an integrated environment.What's more, it supports AP, AP Client, AP+Bridge, Bridge, Universal/WDS Repeater mode, which makes it available in kinds of complex network environment.With so many advantages above and an easy web-based management tool, Tl-WA601G provides you an efficient WLAN solution and let you enjoy Wi-Fi pleasure.
D7258419	The TL-WA501G 54Mbps Wireless Access Point will allow you to connect your network wirelessly better than ever, easily and securely. With the most attentive wireless security, the TL-WA501G 54Mbps Wireless Access Point provides multiple protection measures. It can be set to turn off wireless network name (SSID) broadcast so that only stations that have the SSID can be connected. The AP provides wireless LAN 64/128/152-bit WEP encryption security, and WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK authentication and TKIP/AES encryption security.Featuring high performance transmission rates, simple installation and adaptability, the TP-LINK Wireless Access Point is the perfect solution for small office and home needs. The AP provides AP/AP Client/WDS modes and complies with IEEE 802.11g and 802.11b standards. The AP provides excellent security features such as WEP and WPA encryption.
D7258518	Norton Ghost 14.0 backs up and restores a user's entire PC computer system, including all of its data - applications, settings, folders and files - and offers exclusive remote backup management, industry-leading encryption and advanced compression features to ensure everything on the PC system is protected. Using Norton Ghost 14.0, users can quickly recover lost or damaged files and restore from system failures, even if their computer's operating system does not start.Norton Ghost 14.0 leverages Symantec's ThreatCon global security alerting system to identify threats, trigger automatic incremental backups and protect the user's system even before an attack can occur. It also offers powerful protection and enhanced performance with features, such as offsite backup to an FTP site or Network-Attached Storage (NAS) devices, in addition to long-standing features like remote management and LightsOut Restore capability. With Norton Ghost 14.0, users can backup an entire system or only specific files and folders. Incremental backups and enhanced compression help reduce the amount of required storage, while the product's encryption technology helps keep all of the stored data safe and protected. Norton Ghost 14.0 also integrates with Google Desktop, providing users with access to fully-searchable backup indexes.Norton Ghost 14.0 works with most storage drives, including external hard drives, networked drives, and recordable and rewritable CDs and DVDs.
D7258694	Marketing description is not available.
D7258697	Marketing description is not available.
D7259616	Get professional laser fax quality in a compact and stylish design with this affordable Super G3 fax. Easy to use and energy efficient, it's the ideal solution for small and medium-sized businesses.
D7259617	Benefit from productive and reliable faxing performance with this compact and stylish laser fax. Ideal for medium and small sized enterprises, it can also be used as a professional laser printer.This Super G3 fax transmits documents in as little as 3 seconds per page to cut your communication costs down to a minimum. Faxes can be sent and received in the shortest time possible, freeing up the telephone line.If paper or toner run out, the 340-page memory safely stores all incoming documents for printing out later. Lengthy documents can also be scanned before transmission to save time - and are then sent automatically from memory.Dialing is quick and simple as 15 one-touch and 100 coded speed dials store all your regular numbers. A 2-line backlight display makes this fax extra easy to operate.With the 30-page Automatic Document Feeder, you can fax or copy lengthy documents smoothly in a single operation. Also save time on paper refilling thanks to the 150-sheet paper capacity.Use this fax as a productive 14 pages per minute laser printer via the USB connection. With Quick First Print performance there's zero warm-up time from sleep mode, so no waiting. You can also copy documents at 12 pages per minute.
D7259619	This compact and robust laser printer delivers your large, multi-page documents at a rapid speed of 26 pages per minute. You benefit from professional output with sharp text and clear graphics, thanks to a print resolution up to 2400 x 600dpi.Get prints the moment you need them, without waiting. There's zero warm-up time from sleep mode due to our On-Demand fixing technology - and a First Print Out Time of only 6.5 seconds. Also take advantage of quiet operation and class-leading energy efficiency, with this printer consuming only 4 watts in sleep mode.
D7259620	Delivering the performance and productivity that dynamic workgroups demand, this rapid and robust desktop laser printer offers a built-in network interface, PCL support and fast double-sided printing.This compact and robust laser printer delivers your large, multi-page documents at a rapid speed of 26 pages per minute. You benefit from professional output with sharp text and clear graphics, thanks to a print resolution up to 2400 x 600dpi.Get prints the moment you need them, without waiting. There's zero warm-up time from sleep mode due to the On-Demand fixing technology - and a First Print Out Time of only 6.5 seconds. What's more, operation is quiet and this energy efficient printer uses only 5 watts in sleep mode.Ideal for workgroups, the i-SENSYS LBP3370 has a built-in network interface for easy connection to your office network. A Remote User Interface allows users to view machine status and monitor print jobs from their web browser. Also administrators can control machine settings.PCL5e/6 support ensures seamless integration into existing PCL printing environments. Plus UFRII - Canon's high performance printer language - provides superior processing speed for fast output of documents.
D7259621	The Canon i-SENSYS MF4270 is a compact network-ready all-in-one offers small offices productive laser printing, faxing, copying and color scanning. Cut paper costs and create professional documents with double-sided printing.
D7260141	The Logitech PC Headset 860 stereo headset features a comfortable, adjustable and lightweight headband designed for comfort even when wearing it for prolonged periods. The rich, full-range stereo delivers clear sound for music, calls or any audio content. Convenient in-line controls allow easy adjustment of the volume and microphone mute. The noise-canceling microphone filters unwanted background noise, and can be adjusted to the optimal position for clearer conversations. The boom microphone rotates out of the way when not in use. Set-up is easy and fast; simply plug in the 3.5mm audio jack. Ships in a business pack ideal for system builders, integrators and value-added resellers.
D7260142	The Logitech PC Headset 850 with its single earphone design allows users hear ambient noise and to hold conversations without removing the headset. Convenient in-line controls for easily adjustable volume and microphone mute. The noise-canceling microphone filters background noise and can be adjusted to the optimal position for clearer conversations. The microphone rotates out of the way when not in use. Set-up is easy and fast; simply plug in the 3.5 mm audio jack. Ships in a business pack ideal for system builders, integrators and value-added resellers.
D7260144	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D7261431	Marketing description is not available.
D7262213	This Micro Webcam with integrated microphone guarantees unlimited fun for pure online conversation pleasure. It is especially designed for mobility to fit in any pocket and enhance life on the go. This makes the camera an ideal companion for staying in touch with family and friends whenever you are away on business or holiday.Furthermore, its user-friendly plug and play manageability straight out of the box provides hassle free set up.
D7263136	Maxtor DiamondMax 22 hard drive follows the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. This drive provides a value solution for applications needing high-capacity storage.DiamondMax 22 hard drive utilizes proven Seagate second-generation perpendicular magnetic recording technology with features and value that can go head-to-head with any competitor.DiamondMax 22 drives use the SATA 3Gb/s interface with Native Command Queuing.
D7264624	SilverStone's Crown CW03 is a full featured HTPC enclosure designed for the most discerning home theater enthusiasts. With the venerable LaSalle LC18 model as the starting point, the CW03 improves every aspect of the former case from specification to user impression. LC18's excellent grade-A 7" Hitachi LCD is retained, but additional engineering breakthroughs enable CW03's integrated LCD to now support resolutions up to an incredible 1920 x 1200 pixels, a feat never before seen in a screen of its size. This specification allows CW03's to be used in conjunction with any Full HD television on the market. Supplementing the LCD is an advanced touch panel capable of digital pen function or standard mouse movements. In addition to the primary touchscreen control, a multi-functional remote is included to complete an impressive list of media features. To house all the new technology, an intelligent cooling layout is reinforced with thick aluminum frame finished to high-end home theater component standards. The styling of CW03 is a blend of classic lines and high-tech looks, making it the perfect flagship chassis for SilverStone's Crown series.
D7266989	Corsair built its reputation on performance memory that shines in the most demanding computing situations: extreme gaming and high-transaction processing environments. But not all computers are put to such extreme usage. So Corsair Microsystems brought the same reliability, testing and Corsair quality to a line of memory designed to support standard computing situations such as popular office applications. Now it’s one of the most popular memory lines.
D7268541	Marketing description is not available.
D7277108	Marketing description is not available.
D7281705	Marketing description is not available.
D7281721	PRODUCT FEATURES:Higher rangeBetter connectionHigher throughputMIMO technologySupported data rates 54/48/36/24/18/12/11/9/6/5.5/2/1Mbps128 bit WEP (Wired equivalent privacy) encryptionWireless fidelity protected access (WPA)Ralink-chipsetExternal smart antenna with Two RX and One TXSuitable for all current network environments
D7281725	PRODUCT FEATURES:IEEE 802.11b and IEEE 802.11g compatibleCompliant to USB 2.0 standard128-bit WEP (wired equivalent privacy) encryptionWPA and WPA2 encryption (wireless fidelity protected access)Realtek - chipset
D7281727	Marketing description is not available.
D7281730	Marketing description is not available.
D7281756	PRODUCT FEATURES:Share USB 2.0 high-speed devices on the networkProvide one USB 2.0 high-speed host portShare printers, storage devices and scanner on the networkNet USB integratedShare USB harddisk (FAT 16 and FAT 32), flashdrive and cardreaderSupport single user NTFS hard drive accessSupport SMB/CIFS and FTP file server with user level securityLAN: 10/100 MbpsSupports easy setup through Web browser
D7282650	Marketing description is not available.
D7282729	The Club 3D HD3450 is based on latest graphics technology for PC. It is designed for optimal desktop performance, image quality and compatibility with Windows, Office and Internet applications. The Club 3D HD3450 features highly affordable desktop graphics with build in High Definition Video processor for excellent video playback.
D7284678	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7285903	PRODUCT FEATURES:Storage and carry bag for 15.4" notebook and peripheralsLarge main compartment (45 x 385 x 315mm) to fit most notebooks with screens up to 15.4"Padded interior to protect your notebookExtra compartments to store your iPod, MP3 player, PDA, power supply, etcHigh strength fabric for heavy duty useDual metal zippers and Velcro fastenersDurable and adjustable shoulder-strap
D7285966	Creative's USB Gaming Headset HS-950 brings an edge to your gaming experience. With its X-Fi technology you can locate and eliminate your enemies using incredibly accurate 3D positional surround sound, and immerse yourself in the ultra realistic atmosphere of hundreds of games featuring EAX sound effects. When it comes to giving commands you'll appreciate the precise speech delivery of the noise-canceling microphone, while for ultimate comfort during the longest session the entire design is flexible and lightweight with soft, ergonomic earpads.
D7286067	The Razer DeathAdder is the world's first 3G infrared sensor gaming mouse. This ultimate gaming mouse with ergonomic right-handed design provides maximum comfort during intensive gameplay, and will send enemies scurrying for cover.
D7289153	Clear design and unlimited comfort make the B.UNLIMITED Rechargeable Wireless Desktop an indispensable companion in the office. The extra quiet keyboard and optical 3 button mouse can be charged during operation via USB cable. Modern 2.4 GHz wireless technology offers extremely high ranges (up to 10 meters) and smooth operation of up to 256 desktops in one room.
D7291027	Marketing description is not available.
D7291252	For bits and bytes, the best design. With the neatly arranged and slightly convex-formed uni- or bi-color front panel, the miditower fulfills not only the basic demands of the system integrators but that of the end users as well.
D7291255	Marketing description is not available.
D7292173	Seagate has a proven track record of consistently delivering reliable products in volume, and the new Barracuda 7200.11 family is no exception. Designed with up to four platters and the only second-generation perpendicular recording technology in the industry, the Barracuda 7200.11 drive offers the ideal balance of world-class technology and value, providing customers with an optimal overall solution.
D7294459	Verbatim DVD+R uses Verbatim's AZO technology which ensures any recording to be of a superior quality. The broad compatibility of Verbatim's discs make them ideal for sharing computer data, home videos, photos and music.
D7294460	Verbatim DVD+R uses Verbatim's AZO Technology which ensures any recording to be of a superior quality. The broad compatibility of Verbatim's discs make them ideal for sharing computer data, home videos, photos and music.
D7295617	The Intel Pentium processor with Intel dual-core technology delivers great desktop and mobile performance, low power enhancements, and multitasking for everyday computing.
D7297202	The 54Mbps wireless router TL-WR340GD is dedicated to Small Office/Home Office wireless network solution. It integrates wireless access point, firewall, 4-port Switch and the NAT-router. It helps you to set up a wired or wireless network, and lets your computers share a high-speed DSL or cable Internet connection, data files and other resources, such as printers and hard disk storage space.The TL-WR340GD provides up to 54Mbps data transmission rate in 2.4GHz frequency. It complies with IEEE 802.11g and IEEE802.11b, and is compatible with all IEEE 802.11g and IEEE 802.11b devices.For the most attentive wireless security, the TL-WR340GD provides multiple protection measures. It supports disable wireless network name (SSID) broadcast. With this function, only the stations know the SSID can connect to the wireless network. And the router also supports wireless LAN 64/128/152-bit WEP encryption security, WPA/WPA2, WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK authentication and TKIP/AES encryption security.TL-WR340GD supports virtual servers, DMZ host and UPnP as port forwarding. It also provides WEB and remote management and system log so that network administrators can manage and monitor the network in real time. Offering easy-to-use Quick Setup Wizard, basic routing and advanced security function, TL-WR340GD is your best choice to create a secure wireless network easily for your home and small office.
D7297203	The TL-WR542G 54Mbps wireless router integrates firewall, NAT-router and Wireless AP. This device will allow you to connect your network wirelessly better than ever, sharing Internet Access, files and fun, easily and securely. With the most attentive wireless security, the TL-WR542G 54Mbps wireless router provides multiple protection measures. It can be set to turn off wireless network name (SSID) broadcast so that only stations that have the SSID can be connected. The Router provides wireless LAN 64/128/152-bit WEP encryption security, and WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK authentication and TKIP/AES encryption security. It also supports VPN pass-through for sensitive data secure transmission.The TL-WR542G 54Mbps wireless router provides flexible access control so that parents or network administrators can establish restricted access policies for children or staff. It has built-in NAT and DHCP server supporting static IP address distributing. It also supports Virtual Server and DMZ host for port triggering needs, as well as remote management and log so that network administrators can manage and monitor the network on real time.The device is easy-to-manage. Quick setup wizard is supported and friendly help messages are provided for every step. So you can configure it quickly and share Internet access, files and fun.
D7297205	The TL-R860 multifunctional broadband router is especially designed for SOHO (Small Office/Home Office) to access the Internet. It features strong functions, high performance, and easy configuration router. The TL-R860 provides many management functions.The TL-R860 router provides flexible access control, limiting staff or children to browse selected sites. The TL-R860 router is also a smart helper. It connects to the Internet automatically on demand and disconnects when idle to save on network costs. It’s easy to configure.
D7297206	The TP-Link TL-PS210U Print Server allows you to take the computer out of the loop while setting up a printing network. All that is needed is to connect the TL-PS210U to a printer via the USB port, connect the print server to your LAN, and you will be able to access your printer from any computer on the LAN. The TL-PS210U also works with multi-function printers, allowing you to scan, fax, and print throughout your network.
D7297207	The TL-SG1016 is specially designed for Ethernet (10Mbps), Fast Ethernet (100Mbps) and Gigabit Ethernet (1000Mbps). It is the perfect choice to improve the performance of Offices and Workgroups networks.
D7297208	The TL-SG1024 is specially designed for Ethernet (10Mbps), Fast Ethernet (100Mbps) and Gigabit Ethernet (1000Mbps) with seamless link. Each port supports up to 2000Mbps throughput in full duplex mode. It is the perfect choice to improve the performance of offices and workgroup networks.
D7297557	Windows Vista Business is the first Windows operating system designed specifically to meet the needs of small businesses. You'll empower your entire business to work more efficiently with a stunning and improved, simple-to-use interface that makes it easier to search and find the information you need quickly and easily, both on your PCs and on the web. With powerful new safety features, you're in control and can better protect the key information that is the life of your business and that builds the trust of your customers.And, for the growing business that always seems to be on the go, the mobile computing enhancements make it easier to stay connected to the rhythm of your business, both in and out of the office. Windows Vista Business makes all of this work for you while helping you spend less time on technology support-related issues - so you can spend more time making your business successful. Windows Vista Business simply makes it easier to manage how your employees connect to your network and to ensure that they get more out of their PCs, both in and out of the office. Be future-ready and lay the IT foundation that your business needs for today and tomorrow.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7297559	Windows Vista Business is the first Windows operating system designed specifically to meet the needs of small businesses. You'll empower your entire business to work more efficiently with a stunning and improved, simple-to-use interface that makes it easier to search and find the information you need quickly and easily, both on your PCs and on the web. With powerful new safety features, you're in control and can better protect the key information that is the life of your business and that builds the trust of your customers.And, for the growing business that always seems to be on the go, the mobile computing enhancements make it easier to stay connected to the rhythm of your business, both in and out of the office. Windows Vista Business makes all of this work for you while helping you spend less time on technology support-related issues - so you can spend more time making your business successful. Windows Vista Business simply makes it easier to manage how your employees connect to your network and to ensure that they get more out of their PCs, both in and out of the office. Be future-ready and lay the IT foundation that your business needs for today and tomorrow.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7297561	Windows Vista Home Basic is the edition of Windows for basic home computing needs. If you only want to use your PC for tasks like browsing the Internet, using e-mail, or viewing photos, then Windows Vista Home Basic may be the right edition for you. While it won't provide as many benefits as Windows Vista Home Premium, it will help you use your PC more easily and more safely than you could with Windows XP.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7297563	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7297565	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7297566	The Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from our customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7297567	The Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from our customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7297569	The Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from our customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7297571	Windows Vista Business is the first Windows operating system designed specifically to meet the needs of small businesses. You'll empower your entire business to work more efficiently with a stunning and improved, simple-to-use interface that makes it easier to search and find the information you need quickly and easily, both on your PCs and on the web. With powerful new safety features, you're in control and can better protect the key information that is the life of your business and that builds the trust of your customers.And, for the growing business that always seems to be on the go, the mobile computing enhancements make it easier to stay connected to the rhythm of your business, both in and out of the office. Windows Vista Business makes all of this work for you while helping you spend less time on technology support-related issues - so you can spend more time making your business successful. Windows Vista Business simply makes it easier to manage how your employees connect to your network and to ensure that they get more out of their PCs, both in and out of the office. Be future-ready and lay the IT foundation that your business needs for today and tomorrow.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7297574	Windows Vista Home Basic is the edition of Windows for basic home computing needs. If you only want to use your PC for tasks like browsing the Internet, using e-mail, or viewing photos, then Windows Vista Home Basic may be the right edition for you. While it won't provide as many benefits as Windows Vista Home Premium, it will help you use your PC more easily and more safely than you could with Windows XP.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7297576	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7297578	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7299128	Windows Vista Home Basic is the edition of Windows for basic home computing needs. If you only want to use your PC for tasks like browsing the Internet, using e-mail, or viewing photos, then Windows Vista Home Basic may be the right edition for you. While it won't provide as many benefits as Windows Vista Home Premium, it will help you use your PC more easily and more safely than you could with Windows XP.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7299129	Windows Vista Business is the first Windows operating system designed specifically to meet the needs of small businesses. You'll empower your entire business to work more efficiently with a stunning and improved, simple-to-use interface that makes it easier to search and find the information you need quickly and easily, both on your PCs and on the web. With powerful new safety features, you're in control and can better protect the key information that is the life of your business and that builds the trust of your customers.And, for the growing business that always seems to be on the go, the mobile computing enhancements make it easier to stay connected to the rhythm of your business, both in and out of the office. Windows Vista Business makes all of this work for you while helping you spend less time on technology support-related issues - so you can spend more time making your business successful. Windows Vista Business simply makes it easier to manage how your employees connect to your network and to ensure that they get more out of their PCs, both in and out of the office. Be future-ready and lay the IT foundation that your business needs for today and tomorrow.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7299133	The Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from our customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7300342	Palm-sized, durable and stylish with outstanding performance and capacity, Verbatim Portable Hard Drive offers the ultimate convenient, highly portable data storage solution. Verbatim Hard Drive combines the best features of hard drive designs in one attractive package. Quite simply, the Verbatim Portable Hard Drive provides quality without compromise.
D7300343	Palm-sized, durable and stylish with outstanding performance and capacity, Verbatim Portable Hard Drive offers the ultimate convenient, highly portable data storage solution. Verbatim Hard Drive combines the best features of hard drive designs in one attractive package. Quite simply, the Verbatim Portable Hard Drive provides quality without compromise.
D7300344	Palm-sized, durable and stylish with outstanding performance and capacity, Verbatim Portable Hard Drive offers the ultimate convenient, highly portable data storage solution. Verbatim Hard Drive combines the best features of hard drive designs in one attractive package. Quite simply, the Verbatim Portable Hard Drive provides quality without compromise.
D7300345	The Verbatim 3.5'' external hard drive instantly adds high-performace storage in an attractive design for your PC or Mac. The Verbatim 3.5'' hard drive stores thousands of digital photos, videos, MP3 songs and other electronic files. Powered by a 7200 RPM hard drive, the desktop hard drive races through the most demanding audio/video applications, allowing you to work more and wait less. The 3.5'' hard drive delivers outstanding quality, performance and reliability for both professional and home use.
D7300346	The Verbatim 3.5'' external hard drive instantly adds high-performace storage in an attractive design for your PC or Mac. The Verbatim 3.5'' hard drive stores thousands of digital photos, videos, MP3 songs and other electronic files. Powered by a 7200 RPM hard drive, the desktop hard drive races through the most demanding audio/video applications, allowing you to work more and wait less. The 3.5'' hard drive delivers outstanding quality, performance and reliability for both professional and home use.
D7302425	Travelstar 5K500 uses a three-disk design to deliver up to 500 GB of capacity. This drive is extremely energy-efficient, with a power profile nearly identical to its 2-disk predecessor and Travelstar 5K500 performance is the highest among 2.5-inch 5400 RPM drives in PCMark testing. The 5K500 is well-suited for “slim” desktop PCs delivering high capacities in space-saving enclosures. Designed to help consumers enjoy their high-definition movies, music, photos and games on the go, Travelstar 5K500 delivers the features, design innovations and technologies that enhance the entertainment experience. The 5K500 provides the advantages of a desktop with the portability of a notebook.Travelstar 5K500 is Hitachi's fourth-generation mobile drive to use perpendicular magnetic recording technology to deliver breakthrough capacity and reliability. Today's full-featured notebooks include premium speakers for enhancing a user's audio experience. These speakers can inadvertently cause vibrations within the system enclosure. To mitigate any adverse impact on system performance, the Travelstar 5K500 is the first mobile drive to feature Hitachi patented Rotational Vibration Safeguard (RVS) technology. RVS serves as an "early warning" system for the drive, enabling it to sense a possible disturbance in advance and take the necessary steps to stabilize the drive head and maintain performance.
D7305503	ASUS professional RD teams put their effort on mechanical design and thermal solution. T3-P5945GCX can support high-end VGA Card and 2 HDD Bays within a mini tower casing. Considerate sliding door design takes care of users' need by hiding I/O ports for an elegant look.
D7309476	Windows Vista Home Basic is the edition of Windows for basic home computing needs. If you only want to use your PC for tasks like browsing the Internet, using e-mail, or viewing photos, then Windows Vista Home Basic may be the right edition for you. While it won't provide as many benefits as Windows Vista Home Premium, it will help you use your PC more easily and more safely than you could with Windows XP.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309477	Windows Vista Home Basic is the edition of Windows for basic home computing needs. If you only want to use your PC for tasks like browsing the Internet, using e-mail, or viewing photos, then Windows Vista Home Basic may be the right edition for you. While it won't provide as many benefits as Windows Vista Home Premium, it will help you use your PC more easily and more safely than you could with Windows XP.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309478	Windows Vista Home Basic is the edition of Windows for basic home computing needs. If you only want to use your PC for tasks like browsing the Internet, using e-mail, or viewing photos, then Windows Vista Home Basic may be the right edition for you. While it won't provide as many benefits as Windows Vista Home Premium, it will help you use your PC more easily and more safely than you could with Windows XP.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309479	Windows Vista Home Basic is the edition of Windows for basic home computing needs. If you only want to use your PC for tasks like browsing the Internet, using e-mail, or viewing photos, then Windows Vista Home Basic may be the right edition for you. While it won't provide as many benefits as Windows Vista Home Premium, it will help you use your PC more easily and more safely than you could with Windows XP.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309481	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309482	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309483	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309484	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309485	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309488	Windows Vista Business is the first Windows operating system designed specifically to meet the needs of small businesses. You'll empower your entire business to work more efficiently with a stunning and improved, simple-to-use interface that makes it easier to search and find the information you need quickly and easily, both on your PCs and on the web. With powerful new safety features, you're in control and can better protect the key information that is the life of your business and that builds the trust of your customers.And, for the growing business that always seems to be on the go, the mobile computing enhancements make it easier to stay connected to the rhythm of your business, both in and out of the office. Windows Vista Business makes all of this work for you while helping you spend less time on technology support-related issues - so you can spend more time making your business successful. Windows Vista Business simply makes it easier to manage how your employees connect to your network and to ensure that they get more out of their PCs, both in and out of the office. Be future-ready and lay the IT foundation that your business needs for today and tomorrow.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309490	Windows Vista Business is the first Windows operating system designed specifically to meet the needs of small businesses. You'll empower your entire business to work more efficiently with a stunning and improved, simple-to-use interface that makes it easier to search and find the information you need quickly and easily, both on your PCs and on the web. With powerful new safety features, you're in control and can better protect the key information that is the life of your business and that builds the trust of your customers.And, for the growing business that always seems to be on the go, the mobile computing enhancements make it easier to stay connected to the rhythm of your business, both in and out of the office. Windows Vista Business makes all of this work for you while helping you spend less time on technology support-related issues - so you can spend more time making your business successful. Windows Vista Business simply makes it easier to manage how your employees connect to your network and to ensure that they get more out of their PCs, both in and out of the office. Be future-ready and lay the IT foundation that your business needs for today and tomorrow.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309491	Windows Vista Business is the first Windows operating system designed specifically to meet the needs of small businesses. You'll empower your entire business to work more efficiently with a stunning and improved, simple-to-use interface that makes it easier to search and find the information you need quickly and easily, both on your PCs and on the web. With powerful new safety features, you're in control and can better protect the key information that is the life of your business and that builds the trust of your customers.And, for the growing business that always seems to be on the go, the mobile computing enhancements make it easier to stay connected to the rhythm of your business, both in and out of the office. Windows Vista Business makes all of this work for you while helping you spend less time on technology support-related issues - so you can spend more time making your business successful. Windows Vista Business simply makes it easier to manage how your employees connect to your network and to ensure that they get more out of their PCs, both in and out of the office. Be future-ready and lay the IT foundation that your business needs for today and tomorrow.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309493	The Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from our customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309494	The Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from our customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309495	The Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from our customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309496	The Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from our customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309497	The Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from our customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7309978	Sporting Corsair's signature fin memory heat sink and patented heat-removing printed circuit board design, the XMS3 DHX products feature DDR3 performance while promoting increased stability. DHX technology allows this memory to have superior thermal characteristics to enable it to run cooler than a module with stamped or mesh heat spreaders. The result is enabled superior reliability, stability and performance capability.The TW3X4G1333C9DHX is a 4096MByte matched pair of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This part delivers outstanding performance in the dual-channel DDR3-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in popular DDR3 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1333MHz at the low latencies of 9-9-9-24.
D7322219	Efficiency is a key factor in modern systems. Organizations such as Climate Saver Computing are focused on improving the efficiency of a computer's power delivery. Today's average desktop PC wastes over half of the power delivered to it, and the wasted electricity unnecessarily increases the cost to power computers as well as the emissions of greenhouse gases. Enermax is committed to reduce this waste and to combat climate change by meeting and exceeding Climate Saver Computing guidelines, setting benchmarks for the PC PSU industry by reaching 82-88% efficiency with all of the MODU82+ series at 20%, 50%, or 100% load.These power supplies are also some of the quietest units in the world thanks to two patented technologies: SpeedGuard and AirGuard. SpeedGuard allows the PSU fan to operate only at 400 to 500 rpm when the power supplies are under 50% load. It lowers the total noise profile by an astonishing 5 dBA. AirGuard is a mechanical design which bends the housing around the air-inlet to the fan and it help to reduce the total noise level by up to 2 dBA.Besides being one of the first that complies with Intel's ATX12V v2.3 standards, MODU82+ offers some of the strongest +12V rails in its class. This series is rated at 40°C with triple +12 rails that can support up to an amazing 25A on each rail. In addition, The MODU82+ series come with 12 pin modular connectors that present endless combinations and possibilities for future CPU and graphic needs.
D7322220	Efficiency is a key factor in modern systems. Organizations such as Climate Saver Computing are focused on improving the efficiency of a computer's power delivery. Today's average desktop PC wastes over half of the power delivered to it, and the wasted electricity unnecessarily increases the cost to power computers as well as the emissions of greenhouse gases. Enermax is committed to reduce this waste and to combat climate change by meeting and exceeding Climate Saver Computing guidelines, setting benchmarks for the PC PSU industry by reaching 82-88% efficiency with all of the MODU82+ series at 20%, 50%, or 100% load.These power supplies are also some of the quietest units in the world thanks to two patented technologies: SpeedGuard and AirGuard. SpeedGuard allows the PSU fan to operate only at 400 to 500 rpm when the power supplies are under 50% load. It lowers the total noise profile by an astonishing 5 dBA. AirGuard is a mechanical design which bends the housing around the air-inlet to the fan and it help to reduce the total noise level by up to 2 dBA.Besides being one of the first that complies with Intel's ATX12V v2.3 standards, MODU82+ offers some of the strongest +12V rails in its class. This series is rated at 40°C with triple +12 rails that can support up to an amazing 25A on each rail. In addition, The MODU82+ series come with 12 pin modular connectors that present endless combinations and possibilities for future CPU and graphic needs.
D7322221	Efficiency is a key factor in modern systems. Organizations such as Climate Saver Computing are focused on improving the efficiency of a computer's power delivery. Today's average desktop PC wastes over half of the power delivered to it, and the wasted electricity unnecessarily increases the cost to power computers as well as the emissions of greenhouse gases. Enermax is committed to reduce this waste and to combat climate change by meeting and exceeding Climate Saver Computing guidelines, setting benchmarks for the PC PSU industry by reaching 82-88% efficiency with all of the MODU82+ series at 20%, 50%, or 100% load.These power supplies are also some of the quietest units in the world thanks to two patented technologies: SpeedGuard and AirGuard. SpeedGuard allows the PSU fan to operate only at 400 to 500 rpm when the power supplies are under 50% load. It lowers the total noise profile by an astonishing 5 dBA. AirGuard is a mechanical design which bends the housing around the air-inlet to the fan and it help to reduce the total noise level by up to 2 dBA.Besides being one of the first that complies with Intel's ATX12V v2.3 standards, MODU82+ offers some of the strongest +12V rails in its class. This series is rated at 40°C with triple +12 rails that can support up to an amazing 25A on each rail. In addition, The MODU82+ series come with 12 pin modular connectors that present endless combinations and possibilities for future CPU and graphic needs.
D7322222	Efficiency is a key factor in modern systems. Organizations such as Climate Saver Computing are focused on improving the efficiency of a computer's power delivery. Today's average desktop PC wastes over half of the power delivered to it, and the wasted electricity unnecessarily increases the cost to power computers as well as the emissions of greenhouse gases. Enermax is committed to reduce this waste and to combat climate change by meeting and exceeding Climate Saver Computing guidelines, setting benchmarks for the PC PSU industry by reaching 82-88% efficiency with all of the PRO82+ series at 20%, 50%, or 100% load.These power supplies are also some of the quietest units in the world thanks to two patented technologies: SpeedGuard and AirGuard. SpeedGuard allows the PSU fan to operate only at 400 to 500 rpm when the power supplies are under 50% load. It lowers the total noise profile by an astonishing 5dBA. AirGuard is a mechanical design which bends the housing around the air-inlet to the fan and it help to reduce the total noise level by up to 2dBA.Besides being one of the first that complies with Intel's ATX12V v2.3 standards, PRO82+ offers some of the strongest +12V rails in its class. This series is rated at 40C with triple +12 rails that can support up to an amazing 25A on each rail.
D7322223	Efficiency is a key factor in modern systems. Organizations such as Climate Saver Computing are focused on improving the efficiency of a computer's power delivery. Today's average desktop PC wastes over half of the power delivered to it, and the wasted electricity unnecessarily increases the cost to power computers as well as the emissions of greenhouse gases. Enermax is committed to reduce this waste and to combat climate change by meeting and exceeding Climate Saver Computing guidelines, setting benchmarks for the PC PSU industry by reaching 82-88% efficiency with all of the PRO82+ series at 20%, 50%, or 100% load.These power supplies are also some of the quietest units in the world thanks to two patented technologies: SpeedGuard and AirGuard. SpeedGuard allows the PSU fan to operate only at 400 to 500 rpm when the power supplies are under 50% load. It lowers the total noise profile by an astonishing 5dBA. AirGuard is a mechanical design which bends the housing around the air-inlet to the fan and it help to reduce the total noise level by up to 2dBA.Besides being one of the first that complies with Intel's ATX12V v2.3 standards, PRO82+ offers some of the strongest +12V rails in its class. This series is rated at 40C with triple +12 rails that can support up to an amazing 25A on each rail.
D7322224	Efficiency is a key factor in modern systems. Organizations such as Climate Saver Computing are focused on improving the efficiency of a computer's power delivery. Today's average desktop PC wastes over half of the power delivered to it, and the wasted electricity unnecessarily increases the cost to power computers as well as the emissions of greenhouse gases. Enermax is committed to reduce this waste and to combat climate change by meeting and exceeding Climate Saver Computing guidelines, setting benchmarks for the PC PSU industry by reaching 82-88% efficiency with all of the PRO82+ series at 20%, 50%, or 100% load.These power supplies are also some of the quietest units in the world thanks to two patented technologies: SpeedGuard and AirGuard. SpeedGuard allows the PSU fan to operate only at 400 to 500 rpm when the power supplies are under 50% load. It lowers the total noise profile by an astonishing 5 dBA. AirGuard is a mechanical design which bends the housing around the air-inlet to the fan and it help to reduce the total noise level by up to 2 dBA.Besides being one of the first that complies with Intel's ATX12V v2.3 standards, PRO82+ offers some of the strongest +12V rails in its class. This series is rated at 40C with triple +12 rails that can support up to an amazing 25A on each rail.
D7322225	Efficiency is a key factor in modern systems. Organizations such as Climate Saver Computing are focused on improving the efficiency of a computer's power delivery. Today's average desktop PC wastes over half of the power delivered to it, and the wasted electricity unnecessarily increases the cost to power computers as well as the emissions of greenhouse gases. Enermax is committed to reduce this waste and to combat climate change by meeting and exceeding Climate Saver Computing guidelines, setting benchmarks for the PC PSU industry by reaching 82-88% efficiency with all of the PRO82+ series at 20%, 50%, or 100% load.These power supplies are also some of the quietest units in the world thanks to two patented technologies: SpeedGuard and AirGuard. SpeedGuard allows the PSU fan to operate only at 400 to 500 rpm when the power supplies are under 50% load. It lowers the total noise profile by an astonishing 5 dBA. AirGuard is a mechanical design which bends the housing around the air-inlet to the fan and it help to reduce the total noise level by up to 2 dBA.Besides being one of the first that complies with Intel's ATX12V v2.3 standards, PRO82+ offers some of the strongest +12V rails in its class. This series is rated at 40C with triple +12 rails that can support up to an amazing 25A on each rail.
D7327658	The SAMSUNG SyncMaster 943B is a 19-inch LCD monitor delivering a fast response time of 5 ms, DC 8000:1 contrast ratio, 1280 x 1024 high resolution and horizontal/vertical viewing angle of 170º/160º.
D7327673	The Samsung Spinpoint F1 is the first three-disk hard drive features sophisticated recording technology. With its compact, lightweight package and advanced design, the F1 drive offers many advantages for high-density applications.
D7327688	PRODUCT FEATURES:High brightnessWide viewing angleUltra high contrast ratioUltra fast response time
D7329808	PRODUCT FEATURES:High-quality analog TV tuner capture cardAnalog TV PAL/SECAM and fm radio receptionSupports SRPO - schedule-recording in PC power-off modeAdditional AV/S-video inputIncludes full-function remote control
D7330387	With the DIGITUS HDMI switch you can supply one HDMI displays from several HDMI devices. You can switch between the HDMI devices manually or with the enclosed remote control.
D7330389	With the DIGITUS HDMI switch you can supply one HDMI display from several HDMI devices. You can switch between the HDMI devices manually or with the enclosed remote control.
D7330451	PRODUCT FEATURES:Capture 480K pixels photosNight vision / infrared lightPlug and talk built-in USB microphoneClick and snap snapshot buttonSpecial effect for fun and digital zoomUSB 1.1; compatible with USB 2.0Adjustable focus lensValue-added software: My Guard Live
D7330477	PRODUCT FEATURES:Transmit speed and auto-negotiation32-bit PCI connectorComplies with IEEE 802.11g, IEEE 802.11bAdopts MSI Extended Range WLAN transmission technologyProvides 64/128/152-bit WEP encryptionSupports WPA/WPA2, IEEE 802.1X, TKIP, AESProvides simple configuration and supervisor programSupports Ad-Hoc/Infrastructure modesSupports wireless roaming, can move among different AP and no break
D7330706	PRODUCT FEATURES:Single scrolling wheel5 programmable buttons3rd "Pan" wheel button4th and 5th fingertip zoom800 CPI opticalErgonomic designRechargeable receiverPower on/off switchSecure RF technologyNoiseless comfort wheel
D7337874	Windows Vista Home Basic is the edition of Windows for basic home computing needs. If you only want to use your PC for tasks like browsing the Internet, using e-mail, or viewing photos, then Windows Vista Home Basic may be the right edition for you. While it won't provide as many benefits as Windows Vista Home Premium, it will help you use your PC more easily and more safely than you could with Windows XP.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7340183	Your work, your photos, your songs, your digital video, your memories. Store them all safely and securely in Maxtor’s External Desktop Hard Drive. Ideal for home and office, it’s easy to use - just connect the power adapter; then connect the USB cable into your PC or Mac and your Maxtor Desktop Hard Drive appears as another drive on your computer. Perfect for the Home PC or laptop user who needs extra storage in a hurry.Use the extra capacity to free up the space on your PC or Mac for better performance, or to add more of your favorite files – every 100GB of storage can hold up to 32,000 digital photos (JPEG normal), or 1665 hours of digital music(MP3), or 100 hours of digital video.Maxtor has been providing proven, reliable storage solutions for over 20 years. The industrial design of this next generation of external hard drives includes shock protection, EMI protection and the newest SATA hard drive technology.
D7340914	The Dominator Series Twin2X4096-8500C5DF is 4096MBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology coupled with a Corsair Dominator Airflow Fan. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15-2T at 2.1VDIMM. The Twin2X4096-8500C5DF comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the open standard for performance module SPD's jointly developed by Corsair and NVIDIA. EPP SPD's on Corsair modules allow users to automatically configure EPP enabled motherboards with aggressive memory performance settings, for maximum memory and system performance.
D7343887	iPod base station, wireless Internet radio, intuitive podcast receiver, multiformat network audio player for music on your hard drive and designer FM radio - the NOXON 2 audio for iPod is a masterpiece for all music fans.Many music fans have their collections distributed across a variety of media and technologies, resulting in snarled cables, stacks of burned CDs and general file format chaos, and the most powerful member of TerraTec's NOXON family is the simple solution for all applications. Its integrated Universal Dock turns your iPod into a stereo system and charges it. You can also select and play any one of over 10,000 Internet radio stations from around the world - without needing to boot your computer. A refined sorting system that can memorize your favorites at the touch of a button and can be customized in detail helps you stay on top of the vast selection. A wide range of podcasts are also available at the touch of a button - get exactly the information you need straight from the source, without technical hassles.Thanks to the powerful networking features of the NOXON 2 audio for iPod, you can at last enjoy music from your hard drive anywhere in the house. Regardless of whether you are using a wired or wireless LAN or HomePlug network, your digital music will finally be on tap in your bedroom, living room, kitchen or bath, while your computer stays where it belongs - in your home office.The audiopalyer is extremely keen for contact. Its USB host lets you connect external hard drives and memory sticks. If you're planning a really big party, simply connect active speakers or a full-size HiFi system to the Line-Out or Digital-Out ports. A headphone socket for quiet enjoyment rounds out the selection.The NOXON 2 audio for iPod can be controlled using a remote or the buttons on the device. Its clear, easy-to-read display provides all the information you need. Security and compatibility are major priorities: all common music formats (including DRM10 for tracks from Musicload and other vendors), WLAN standards and encryption types are supported.
D7345705	The Corsair Flash Voyager family of USB drives are rugged, stylish, compact, and reliable, making them ideal for transporting MP3s, digital images, presentations and more. Flash Voyager drives are fully Plug and Play with most operating systems and are backward compatible with USB 1.1.The Flash Voyager GT is designed from the ground up for speed, optimizing transfer rates of both reads and writes.The Flash Voyager GT is enclosed in the Corsair proprietary all-rubber housing. Boasting water-resistant properties, these drives allow users to carry more valuable data and applications without compromise.
D7346783	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7349723	Catering to gamers who want the ultimate in overclocking and gaming platforms, ASUS, maker of high quality motherboards, has released the ROG Striker II NSE series of motherboards. Supporting NVIDIA's nForce 790i SLI chipset for exceptional overclocking speeds, this powerful series of motherboards is also equipped with innovative technologies for enhanced graphical and thermal performance.
D7349727	P5KPL-CM with Intel G31 chipset inside supports Intel Quad-core CPU and features 1600(O.C)/1333/1066/800 MHz FSB, PCI Express x 16, Serial ATA interface, high performance integrated graphics engine, dual-channel DDR2 1066(O.C)/800/667 memory, and HD Audio CODEC. Users can experience faster graphics performance and higher video quality. P5KPL-CM is the most affordable all-in-one solution platform for Intel Core 2 processor with Intel G31 chipset inside.This motherboard supports the latest Intel Quad-core processors in LGA775 package. It also can support Intel next generation 45nm Multi-Core CPU. It's excellent for multi-tasking, multi-media and enthusiastic gamers with 1333/1066/800 MHz FSB. Intel Quad-core is one of the most powerful CPU in the world.This motherboard supports the latest Intel Core 2 processors in LGA775 package. With Intel Core microarchitecture technology and 1333/1066/800 MHz Intel Core 2 processor is one of the most powerful and energy efficient CPU in the world.
D7349736	PRODUCT FEATURES:0dB: absolutely quiet thermal designHDCP compliantASUS GamerOSD
D7349887	PRODUCT FEATURES:Retractable USB connectorEnhanced for ReadyBoostBrilliant amber LEDU3 smart enabledHi-Speed USB 2.0 certified (backwards compatible with all USB 1.1 ports)
D7349898	SanDisk Extreme III CompactFlash is designed for serious professional photographers who demand one of the fastest, most rugged, and most durable memory cards on the market. Professional photographers who work under less than ideal conditions expect more from a flash memory card. More speed. More performance. More reliability. SanDisk's Extreme III card delivers everything you want plus a whole lot more!That's because only SanDisk Extreme III memory cards feature innovative ESP technology for the fastest speeds and highest performance. ESP stands for "Enhanced Super-Parallel Processing". Simply put, it means you are getting the fastest read / write speeds available - an amazing minimum 20MB per second sequential read and write speed - speed you'll definitely appreciate whenever you find yourself shooting and storing pictures in harsh environments, extreme temperatures or at high altitudes.Every SanDisk Extreme III CompactFlash card comes with RescuePRO so you can recover images, documents, mail, video, music - just about any digital file, with ease. Built with leading-edge media recovery algorithms, RescuePro lets you preview recoverable data before you try to retrieve it. With RescuePRO's unique recovery algorithm for MPEG audio and MPEG video recovery (MPEG-1/2/3) what you see, and what you hear, is what you can recover.Rely on SanDisk Extreme III cards when speed is critical to getting the right shot.
D7349899	Extreme III is the exceptional, unbeatable best-in-class solution for high profile professional photographers. As the elite flash memory cards available on the market, Extreme III has extremely fast read / write speeds. This line provides the durability and high-speed quality demanded for serious photography. SanDisk's award-winning technology solidifies the strength of the Extreme III family of high-performance flash cards.
D7349903	SanDisk Ultra II memory cards feature faster performance, greater storage capacities, and better dependability, so you can get the most from your investment in a feature-rich, high-quality digital camera or camcorder.
D7350358	Palm-sized, durable and stylish with outstanding performance and capacity, Verbatim Portable Hard Drive offers the ultimate convenient, highly portable data storage solution. Verbatim Hard Drive combines the best features of hard drive designs in one attractive package. Quite simply, the Verbatim Portable Hard Drive provides quality without compromise.
D7350359	Palm-sized, durable and stylish with outstanding performance and capacity, Verbatim Portable Hard Drive offers the ultimate convenient, highly portable data storage solution. Verbatim Hard Drive combines the best features of hard drive designs in one attractive package. Quite simply, the Verbatim Portable Hard Drive provides quality without compromise.
D7350360	Palm-sized, durable and stylish with outstanding performance and capacity, Verbatim Portable Hard Drive offers the ultimate convenient, highly portable data storage solution. Verbatim Hard Drive combines the best features of hard drive designs in one attractive package. Quite simply, the Verbatim Portable Hard Drive provides quality without compromise.
D7350994	The ProLite P1904S fits the growing need for protected LCDs within education, retail and industrial applications. The toughened safety glass fitted behind the bezel offers 8H hardness rating capable of resisting above normal pressure or impact to the display. iiyama still adopt a high performance LCD panel offering a nimble 5ms response time for gaming, animations and video and a 1000:1 contrast ratio enhancing color performance to a new level within this category. Inputs include the usual analog but also include DVI for future proofing during PC refreshing.
D7351072	AVerTV Hybrid ExpressCard is a Hybrid Analog Worldwide standard TV and ATSC receiver card certified with Express Card 54mm Interface solution. AVerTV Hybrid ExpressCard is Windows Vista (32/64 bit) Premium Certified and Windows XP Certified Solution.It provides easy connectivity and versatility that you'd expect more than ever, smaller but faster I/O expansion targeting laptop PC users have option to watch Over-the-Air Digital TV (ATSC) shows or Analog TV programs anywhere. The AVerTV Hybrid ExpressCard with supplied antenna is your perfect travel mate. In addition, with MPEG-2 hardware encoder built-in, this device lowers the consumption of CPU process and guarantees customers high-quality video content editing, such as instant recording, playback, and TimeShift functionalities. Equipped with high-quality TV tuner, the AVerTV Hybrid ExpressCard shows better video performance and lever the overall PVR experiences, including Recording Scheduler, TimeShift, Snapshot and MPEG-2 recording. Now ready to experience the express of efficiency and quality with AverMedia.
D7351073	Digital terrestrial TV PCI receiver! The AVerTV DVB-T Super 007 is a digital terrestrial television receiver card that allows you to access free to air digital TV and digital radio signals using VHF/UHF antenna. It can be used to record and save TV and radio programs directly to your PC's hard disk in the original MPEG-2 format. It also can receive TV signal in HDTV format, so you can enjoy comprehensive digital TV programs in high quality on their computer monitors.
D7351945	As SilverStones premier power supply series designed for heavy duty server and workstation use the Zeus line now tops 1200W plateau with even greater performance level. The customary output at stringent 503C high temperature and 90V AC input have been retained while voltage regulation now improves to ±1% for truly outstanding stability. For enthusiasts that wish to take advantage of server class power supply without being limited to multi-rail design, the ZM1200M has rail merging switch to convert its +12V power output into one single rail for greater flexibility. Coupled with convenient 100% modular cables, the ZM1200M is ready to deliver in any high powered environment for serious work or play.
D7352144	The SF-370 series of compact fax machines is developed to meet the needs of business and personal home users. The integrated phone and fax machine is equipped with a variety of features to simplify and speed fax transmissions and designed to fit the smallest of workspaces.The model offers compact and stylish design. The SF-370 series is 23 percent smaller than predecessor models, making it ideal for space-constrained work environments. With integrated phone capabilities, the machine eliminates the need for multiple communications devices, reducing both cost and inconvenience.
D7352151	The GA-MA74GM-S2H is Gigabyte's next generation, high performance platform provides reliable and user friendly computing and reaching the maximum system performance easily via personalized software settings. In addition, GA-MA74GM-S2H features with two innovative S features - Safe, Smart technologies, further providing reliable and user friendly computing and reaching the maximum system performance easily via personalized software settings. Gigabyte S series motherboards, the champion's choice for AMD AM2 platform!
D7353431	Marketing description is not available.
D7353432	The SkyStar HD2 is a TV card for your PC that allows you to receive TV broadcasts in both PAL and HDTV formats. The abbreviation HDTV stands for high definition TV. This is a worldwide digital TV standard that provides sharp contours, rich colors and tremendous depth. In addition, HDTV broadcasts very often provide impressive surround sound. Naturally, the SkyStar HD2 also supports Dolby AC 3.
D7355528	The HX1000W joins the family of well received HX Series Enthusiast Grade Power Supplies known for their rock solid stability, enhanced modular cable design and high efficiency. The Corsair HX1000W Power Supply sets a standard by which all other high wattage power supplies will be judged.The Corsair HX1000W features six PCI-Express connectors, both 6-pin and 8-pin compatible, to power multiple high-end graphics cards and two EPS12V connectors for dual CPU configurations. The truly independent dual transformer, dual rail design allow for optimum load balancing resulting in greater performance and stability. Industrial-grade 105°C primary, secondary and solid state capacitors provide up to four times the lifespan of traditional components.The HX1000W not only delivers one thousand watts of clean power for the highest performance enthusiast systems, it does so at greater than 80% efficiency thanks to the double-forward switching design and multiple rail DC-to-DC converter. Due to its best-in-class efficiency the HX1000W is able to run cool and quiet with only a single 140mm thermally controlled fan.
D7356918	SanDisk Extreme III CompactFlash is designed for serious professional photographers who demand one of the fastest, most rugged, and most durable memory cards on the market. Professional photographers who work under less than ideal conditions expect more from a flash memory card. More speed. More performance. More reliability. SanDisk's Extreme III card delivers everything you want plus a whole lot more!That's because only SanDisk Extreme III memory cards feature innovative ESP technology for the fastest speeds and highest performance. ESP stands for "Enhanced Super-Parallel Processing". Simply put, it means you are getting the fastest read / write speeds available, speed you'll definitely appreciate whenever you find yourself shooting and storing pictures in harsh environments, extreme temperatures or at high altitudes.Every SanDisk Extreme III CompactFlash card comes with RescuePRO so you can recover images, documents, mail, video, music - just about any digital file, with ease. Built with leading-edge media recovery algorithms, RescuePro lets you preview recoverable data before you try to retrieve it. With RescuePRO's unique recovery algorithm for MPEG audio and MPEG video recovery (MPEG-1/2/3) what you see, and what you hear, is what you can recover.Rely on SanDisk Extreme III cards when speed is critical to getting the right shot.
D7357845	Marketing description is not available.
D7358766	PRODUCT FEATURES:External super multi blueBD and HD DVD compatibleBD-R 6x writing speedHD DVD-ROM 3x read speed16x DVD+/-R writing speedLightScribe support
D7359393	Enjoy high-performance, stereo audio for PC calling, music, and games from up to 33 feet away from your computer.
D7359581	AVerMedia adopts the best software encoder solution for Windows Media Center Edition (MCE), providing you to watch or record analog TV and digital TV programs directly under "My TV" on select platforms. Also, AVerMedia's exclusive Vista MCE video gaming plug-in and video quality enhancement plug-in can synchronize the video and audio of video games on Vista MCE and adjust the bright/contrast/saturation of the video quality, allowing users to build up a home theater PC with more versatile entertainment.The latest AVerTV 6 with Enhanced Video Render (EVR) function to ensures that users are perfectly entertained to watch premium video quality. In addition, by supporting up to 1080i high definition TV viewing, the Hybrid Volar HX offers users to watch and record HDTV programs with H.264 and MPEG-2 formats. No more worry about missing any of your favorite TV shows!The AVerTV 6 offers advanced real-time H.264 recording compression technology up to resolution of 320 x 240 iPod and PSP video format recording.
D7359624	PRODUCT FEATURES:Detects and removes spyware and virusesBlocks spyware and worms automaticallyPrevents virus-infected emails from spreadingRootkit detection finds and removes hidden threatsImproved performance delivers faster scansOne click access to expert supportEnhanced protection elements improve your PC securityWorks quietly in the backgroundNetwork mapping provides a view of your home networkIncludes one year of automatic definition updates, product features, and access to updated versions of Norton AntiVirus
D7359656	Promote your business in high-resolution with next-generation HP ColorSphere toner. You can see the difference. Vibrant color and bold graphics grab attention. Realistic photos and images say more than words. Crisp, easy-to-read text and sharp detail communicate clearly. Designed together with the printer, prints reach new levels of sharpness, gloss, color intensity and photo quality. And, as always, count on easy-to-use Original HP supplies for consistent, reliable performance and peak productivity.
D7359657	Promote your business in high-resolution with next-generation HP ColorSphere toner. You can see the difference. Vibrant color and bold graphics grab attention. Realistic photos and images say more than words. Crisp, easy-to-read text and sharp detail communicate clearly. Designed together with the printer, prints reach new levels of sharpness, gloss, color intensity and photo quality. And, as always, count on easy-to-use Original HP supplies for consistent, reliable performance and peak productivity.
D7359658	Promote your business in high-resolution with next-generation HP ColorSphere toner. You can see the difference. Vibrant color and bold graphics grab attention. Realistic photos and images say more than words. Crisp, easy-to-read text and sharp detail communicate clearly. Designed together with the printer, prints reach new levels of sharpness, gloss, color intensity and photo quality. And, as always, count on easy-to-use Original HP supplies for consistent, reliable performance and peak productivity.
D7359659	Promote your business in high-resolution with next-generation HP ColorSphere toner. You can see the difference. Vibrant color and bold graphics grab attention. Realistic photos and images say more than words. Crisp, easy-to-read text and sharp detail communicate clearly. Designed together with the printer, prints reach new levels of sharpness, gloss, color intensity and photo quality. And, as always, count on easy-to-use Original HP supplies for consistent, reliable performance and peak productivity.
D7359754	Play to dominate with a gaming-grade mouse that delivers extreme response and unprecedented control.
D7363967	PRODUCT FEATURES:Firewire IEEE 1394a compatible3 external and 1 internal Firewire portData transfer rate up to 400Mbps
D7363971	PRODUCT FEATURES:Video bandwidth 250MHzMaximum resolution 1920x1440 pixels at 60HzBuilt-in line amplifier, up to 65mDDC, DDC2, DDC2B supportMetal housing for better EMI shielding
D7363974	PRODUCT FEATURES:2 switchable inputs (PC), 8 outputs (monitor)Built-in line amplifier, up to 65mMaximum resolution 1920x1440 pixels at 60HzVideo bandwidth 250MHzDDC, DDC2, DDC2B supportCascadable
D7363975	PRODUCT FEATURES:2 switchable inputs (PC), 16 outputs (monitor)Built-in line amplifier, up to 65mMaximum resolution 1920x1440 pixels at 60HzVideo bandwidth 250MHzDDC, DDC2, DDC2B supportCascadable
D7363976	PRODUCT FEATURES:Category 5e, EIA/TIA 568 and ISO/IEC DIS 11801RJ45 sockets8 x LSA color-coded connection stripClamp strain reliefCentral groundCable fixture
D7363978	The DIGITUS wall mounting cabinets are made of a robust steel sheet construction with a minimum of seams. The side sections are detachable and lockable. It is fast and easy to mount the cabinet. Separately there are leveling feet or castors available. Due to their flexibility the cabinets are ideal for all current IT - and telecommunication applications.
D7363980	Strong sheet steel with high load capacitySide sections detachable and lockableVentilation slots for passive ventilation and exhaustionProtection class IP 40Lockable front and rear doorSpring-mounted hinges enable easy installation of the door or door change19" profile rails on the front and rear sidesLarge cable entry with rubber-edged sliding mechanism on the floor, as protection against cable breakage and damage, and ensures the fixation of large bundles of cableCable feeds with brush stripsLockable and sliding keyboard drawerHeight-adjustable leveling feet for the equalization of uneven floorsRoof module for ventilation unit
D7363981	PRODUCT FEATURES:Ethernet IEEE 802.3 10BaseT compatible, USB 2.0 full speed (up to 100 Mbps)Plug and playPower supply via USB busSuitable for all typical network environments
D7364034	PRODUCT FEATURES:Easy adjustable headband ensures optimum fit and comfortEarphone hook - convenient and practical for you to hang your headset up when you do not use itVolume and microphone switch In-Line - quick access headset volume control and microphone3.5mm earphone and microphone plug to be connected with your computer
D7364035	PRODUCT FEATURES:Internet headsetEarphone hook included: convenient and practical for you to hang your headset up when you do not use itSleek behind-the-neck design: ultra-light weight for powerful sound and comfortable listening on the moveFull package image
D7364039	KLS-820 reduces typing noises, and is ideal for fast typing. It is convenient and space-saving. The KLS-820 prevents the damage by accidental liquid, extending the lifetime of the keyboard. Its laser inscribed keys ensure you will never loose key identity.
D7364041	Petite handed design mouse was tailored for users with smaller hands in any way with elegant style and comforts. A4 Tech's petite mouse - bring out the cuteness in you! The single scrolling wheel not only let its user (s) easily view all page content but also expand its functionality as a programmable button.This stylish both handed design mouse best fits and comforting works with all hands in any way. 620 dpi optical resolution delivers immediate precision, and also works on almost any surface with pin point accuracy.
D7364044	PRODUCT FEATURES:Just one click "2X Button" straightly open files and programs easilySave time and improve efficiencyNo tracking ball to cleanPrecision optical sensorWorks on most surfaces
D7364045	PRODUCT FEATURES:Just one click "2X Button" straightly open files and programs easilySave time and improve efficiencyNo tracking ball to cleanPrecision optical sensorWorks on most surfaces
D7364048	Marketing description is not available.
D7364050	Marketing description is not available.
D7364051	Marketing description is not available.
D7364054	Marketing description is not available.
D7364178	Marketing description is not available.
D7364850	PRODUCT FEATURES:Detects and removes spyware and virusesBlocks spyware and worms automaticallyPrevents virus-infected emails from spreadingRootkit detection finds and removes hidden threatsImproved performance delivers faster scansOne click access to expert supportEnhanced protection elements improve your PC securityWorks quietly in the backgroundNetwork mapping provides a view of your home networkIncludes one year of automatic definition updates, product features, and access to updated versions of Norton AntiVirus
D7365180	The NOXON iRadio is the future of radio. Forget about listening to the same old tunes from the same old DJs, and choose from over 10,000 Internet radio stations from every corner of the globe. The perfect music is always on tap - Asian sounds when stir-frying in the kitchen, Nordic hardcore when vacuuming the living room, classical music for relaxing in the tub, or news from a faraway home. It is all out there on the Internet. And what's more, the stations are presorted by country and genre, and assigning your favorites to station buttons is a breeze.But that's not all! The NOXON iRadio is also a powerful network audio player that lets you enjoy the music on your hard drive anywhere in the house. No matter whether you are using a wired or wireless LAN or HomePlug network, your computer stays where it belongs - and the music is everywhere.The integrated speaker has enough power to deliver clean sound for the whole room. If you're expecting guests, simply connect active speakers or your HiFi system. And if the others in your home want a bit of peace and quiet, there's always the headphone socket.The NOXON iRadio is simple and intuitive to use. All of its functions can be controlled with the remote or using buttons directly on the device. Its generous display provides all the information you need. Security and compatibility are major priorities: all common music formats, WLAN standards and encryption types are supported. Your choice of operating system is no problem - software is included for Windows, Mac and Linux.
D7365353	Marketing description is not available.
D7365763	Marketing description is not available.
D7365767	Marketing description is not available.
D7365768	Marketing description is not available.
D7365772	Marketing description is not available.
D7365773	Marketing description is not available.
D7365775	Marketing description is not available.
D7365778	Marketing description is not available.
D7365780	Marketing description is not available.
D7365951	The TL-WN811N wireless N cardbus adatper complies with IEEE 802.11n (Draft 2.0), IEEE 802.11g, and IEEE 802.11b standards. Wireless transmission can reach speeds of up to 300Mbps. The Cardbus employs MIMO technology and has internal intelligent antennas providing even better wireless performance, transmission rates, stability and coverage. At the same time, CCA technology automatically avoids channel conflicts using its channel selection feature. This product can simultaneously operate bandwidth intensive applications such as voice, and video. Applications using a lot of bandwidth that are sensitive to interruptions such as voice and video applications are given priority in order to assure quality. It also works well with other 11g and 11n protocol wireless products.
D7365952	The TL-WR841ND Wireless N Router is a combined wired/wireless network connection device designed specifically for small business, office, and home office networking requirements. It complies with the IEEE 802.11n (Draft 2.0)standard with wireless transmission speeds of up to 300M. The router adopts 2 2 MIMO technology and has two external antennas providing even better wireless performance, transmission rates, stability and coverage. At the same time, CCA technology automatically avoids channel conflicts using its channel selection feature. It also works well with other 11g and 11n protocol wireless products.The TL-WR841ND provides multiple security measures; supporting SSID broadcast control, MAC address access control, WEP encryption, WPA/WPA2, and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK authentication. At the same time QSS( Quick Secure Setup) complies with WPS allowing for worry-free wireless security configuration. These combined security features will guard against intruders using stronger, safer protection.The TL-WR841ND allows companies, offices, and homes to share one Internet connection with more computers. Apart from this product is simple setup and more common broadband router functions, it also supports priority of service where applications using a lot of bandwidth that are sensitive to interruptions such as voice and video are given priority in order to assure quality This is a fashionable product with superior performance and should be your first choice when setting up a network.
D7366083	Solid body PVC compound35° turned outletsIlluminated switchRight angle Schuko plug with double earthing
D7366084	PRODUCT FEATURES:Molded housing7-wire cable, double shielded, AWG264x data wires, 3x earthling wiresSuitable for data transfer up to 300 MB/s
D7367807	Realize new possibilities for connecting with friends, family, and digital entertainment with the phenomenal performance of the AMD Phenom X4 series quad-core processor. Built from the ground up for true quad-core performance, AMD Phenom X4 processors speed through advanced multitasking, critical business productivity, advanced visual design and modeling, serious gaming, and visually stunning digital media and entertainment.
D7367811	PRODUCT FEATURES:AMD64 with direct connect architectureAMD balanced smart cacheAMD wide floating point acceleratorFloating point unit (FPU)HyperTransport technologyIntegrated DDR2 DRAM controller with AMD memory optimizer technologyAMD virtualization (AMD-V) with rapid virtualization indexingAMD Cool'n'Quiet 2.0 technologyAMD CoolCore technologyDual dynamic power management
D7367812	PRODUCT FEATURES:AMD64 with direct connect architectureAMD balanced smart cacheAMD wide floating point acceleratorFloating point unit (FPU)HyperTransport technologyIntegrated DDR2 DRAM controller with AMD memory optimizer technologyAMD virtualization (AMD-V) with rapid virtualization indexingAMD Cool'n'Quiet 2.0 technologyAMD CoolCore technologyDual dynamic power management
D7367816	Increase your performance with the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core processor. Work or play with multiple programs without any stalling or waiting. Dual-core technology is like having two processors, and two working together is better and faster than one working alone.
D7369205	LG's Wide Display FLATRON LCD monitors are the ideal solution wherever wide screen displays are required.W3000H Wide LCD Monitor compliments users looking for advanced large format specification and the most accurate color representation. With 2560 x 1600 resolution, the LG W3000H will fully support HD 1080P content via the integrated DVI (HDCP) port. The LG W3000H comes with many features including an ergonomic Height Adjust function and 4 USB ports. Enjoy crisp, clear, and bright images with a 3000:1 digital fine contrast ratio and a fast 5ms response time. The LG W3000H is ideal for graphics and movie editing, gaming, multimedia; including HD movies, and multiple document visibility requirements. Users looking for LG's distinctive style, accurate picture representation, and advanced color specification will fully enjoy this wide screen LCD display.
D7369235	Give your play an edge with Creative's Digital Wireless Gaming Headset HS-1200. The transmitter/receiver module, which connects via USB, features the wireless technology, ensuring top-quality audio as well as maximum freedom and comfort during intensive gaming sessions! Built-in X-Fi technologies deliver crystal-clear audio and positional 3D effects via the powerful Neodymium drivers, while the low-latency design and high-end noise-canceling microphone get you straight to the heart of the action. This is the headset to choose when you want to control every situation with your team members 'as it happens'!
D7369274	Welcome to the next generation of digital SLR photography - the Canon EOS 40D. The EOS 40D combines Canon's tremendous know-how in both the digital and photographic worlds, creating a camera that not only does everything one would expect of a traditional digital SLR, but one that incorporates staggering leaps forward in technological innovation. With new features like Canon's EOS Integrated Cleaning System, Live View Function, a more powerful DIGIC III Image Processor, plus a 10.1-megapixel CMOS sensor, a 3.0-inch LCD monitor and more, the EOS 40D elevates digital photography to new heights, enhancing the shooting experience, and delivering images one could only expect from a Canon.
D7369276	The EOS 450D blends an uncompromising performance with ease of use in a lightweight, ergonomic body. Capture your world with a 12.2 megapixel CMOS sensor and the very latest Canon technologies. The 12.2 megapixel CMOS sensor gives you plenty of detail for poster-size prints and extra flexibility when cropping. Sensitive in low light and virtually noise-free, Canon's CMOS sensors are also remarkably power-efficient.The EOS 450D captures up to 3.5 frames per second for a continuous burst of up to 53 large JPEG images. The 9 AF points are spread out across the frame to better accommodate off-center subjects. The central AF point is a high sensitivity cross type sensor for quick, accurate focusing with f/2.8 and faster lenses.
D7369740	Many software applications for everyday tasks are now designed for dual-core processors. With the Intel Celeron dual-core processor, you can now take basic computing to new levels; become more creative and productive in the home, office, or classroom.In addition, security and virus protection often means running more than one application at a time, and the Celeron dual-core processor has the power to run them simultaneously. Based on energy-efficient microarchitecture, the Celeron dual-core processor delivers superior energy-efficient dual-core performance.
D7369856	The TW3X4G1600C9DHX G is a 4096MByte matched pair of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR3-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in popular DDR3 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1600MHz at the low latencies of 9-9-9-24.
D7369857	The TW3X2G1600C9DHX is a 2048 MByte matched pair of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR3-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in popular DDR3 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1600 MHz at the low latencies of 9-9-9-24.
D7369862	Marketing description is not available.
D7370710	For school and certain circumstances people need desktop. Although the total demands of desktops are declining, yet Chieftec keeps on servicing those customers. Owing to the well developed ventilation technology, the desktop can be equipped with the most advanced CPU.
D7370711	For bits and bytes, the best design. With the neatly arranged and slightly convex-formed front panel, the Chieftec BG-01B-B-SL miditower fulfills not only the basic demands of the system integrators but that of the end users as well.
D7370854	Mac Pro users demand the highest performance from their systems, especially when working with digital media applications. Corsair's Mac Memory is specifically designed for rock-solid stability in demanding digital media rich environments. Corsair Mac Memory allows users to maximize memory capacity and throughput to increase their systems performance.Mac Memory modules are Fully-Buffered DIMMs, or FB-DIMMs, which are different than the typical memory running in standard PCs. In an FB-DIMM module, the memory controller does not write directly to the memory module, but to a buffer, which then writes to the module. This buffer, the Advanced Memory Buffer (AMB) can also provide built-in error checking and correction.Built to Corsair's legendary quality and reliability standards, Mac Memory FB-DIMM modules are fully tested to ensure maximum compatibility and performance in Apple Mac Pro products. Adding system memory is one of the most effective ways to improve overall performance and Corsair's Mac Memory offers a full line of choices for upgrading your specific Mac Pro platform. FB-DIMMs require two identical modules to be installed at once for proper operation.
D7370884	Standard ball mouse3-button scrolling wheelPS/2 Interface, greenRubber wheel with button switch functionErgo design for right/left using1.50 m connection wire
D7370887	Marketing description is not available.
D7370897	Marketing description is not available.
D7370905	Suitable for all DIGITUS 19" cabinetsFor sorted management of cablesMounting on the side of the 19" mounting angles and at the frame of the cabinet
D7370906	The DIGITUS Professional Line DN-19 ORG-2 cable management rings are suitable for all DIGITUS 19" cabinets.
D7370909	PRODUCT FEATURES:Provides one parallel port to connect to printerSupports TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, NetBEUI and AppleTalk network protocolsSupports LPR, IPP, SMB/TCP, raw printing and Unix logical printing protocolsSupports peer-to-peer printingSupports server-based printing
D7370910	PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x USB 2.0 ports up to 100mA per port or up to 500mASupport over current protectionSupport both high-speed (480Mbps), full-speed (12Mbps), and low-speed (1.5Mbps) transfer rateTruly plug and play automatic system configurationChain up to 127 USB devicesUSB and ACPI compliant
D7370911	PRODUCT FEATURES:Complies with IEEE 802.3, IEEE 802.3u wired Ethernet standardsProvides one USB 2.0 port to connect to printerSupports TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, NetBEUI and AppleTalk network protocolsSupports LPR, IPP, SMB/TCP, raw printing and Unix Logical printing protocolsSupports peer-to-peer printingSupports server-based printingCompatible with all major operating systemsSupports DHCP server and client protocolSupports Web-based management, Windows configuration utility and SNMP protocolProvides easy-to-use installation, setup and diagnostic programs
D7370965	Fusion 550R follows the default ATX-form-factor and thus will fit into every ATX PC-case. It fulfills the ATX 2.2 specifications and can offer a continuous power of 550 watt - enough for every high-end system. Equipped with two 6-pin and 8-pin PCIe connectors the PSU is ideal for powering a Crossfire- or SLi-setup.
D7381737	PRODUCT FEATURES:Key components status hardware monitorMonitor the dual core CPU each unit statusOptimize system status defineAuto speed up with system loading change
D7381741	PRODUCT FEATURES:Via 10/100 Fast Ethernet LANSupports RAID 0, 1Low power consumptionUltra low acoustics/thermal (no CPU fan, No system fan)Space saving - less then 8 litersAlternative of vertical stand or horizontal laying
D7381755	Marketing description is not available.
D7381756	Marketing description is not available.
D7381757	Marketing description is not available.
D7381758	Marketing description is not available.
D7381759	Marketing description is not available.
D7381760	Marketing description is not available.
D7381761	Marketing description is not available.
D7382918	PRODUCT FEATURES:World's #1 true digital home solutionTrue A/V sizeBuilt-in Wi-FiIR readySD memory cardBuilt-in HDD cooling fanFront audio and USB I/OPatented in many major countriesFull function media / gaming / computing deviceAwards winning design
D7382925	This series is dedicated to PC enthusiasts that value design just as much as almost unlimited power, high end quality, super silent and extremely efficient performance. It comes with blue LED fan and the popular Hiper ToolBox packed with nice accessories. This series also has the unique patented Hiper feature: total of 8 integrated USB 2.0 ports, plus one convenient USB-style port for charging most mobile devices even when the computer is powered off.
D7382928	For PC-users with a focus on the values inside, the ultra-efficient Type M series is the one to choose from. With an elegant design in a matt black finish, it offers a range of 630 watts to 880 watts. Outstanding value for money. The cable harness design grants a convenient assembling and clean looking PC interior.
D7383285	Marketing description is not available.
D7383290	The GNR TS902D continues the line of high quality high performance that has come to be the norm for the GNR brand. Whether playing the role of the workhorse in the office for high contrast definition or the battlefield upon which you play an out of hours gaming mission, the TS902D can excel in all disciplines. Put style into your workplace, put in the TS902D.The GNR TS902D is a highly attractive fast response time 19" TFT display with digital and analog connections suitable for the whole spectrum of applications from workstation use through to fast action first person gaming!
D7383385	Marketing description is not available.
D7383438	Marketing description is not available.
D7392806	PRODUCT FEATURES:NVIDIA GeForce 9600GTNVIDIA unified architectureGigaThread technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA Lumenex engineNVIDIA Quantum Effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideo HD technologyHDCP capable
D7394494	Take great underwater shots and be worry-free during inclement weather with the WP-DC23. Waterproof to 130ft.
D7394495	Canon WP-DC24 is specially designed to protect your PowerShot Digital Camera from sea water and sand. It's reliable and easy to use!
D7395301	The CM2X2048-6400C5 G is a 2048MByte DDR2 SDRAM DIMM. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 800MHz at the low latencies of 5-5-5-18.
D7405501	PRODUCT FEATURES:Powered by GeForce 9600 GT GPUSupports PCI ExpressMicrosoft DirectX 10 and OpenGL 2.1 supportIntegrated with the industry's best 512MB GDDR3 memory and 256-bit memory interfaceSupports SLI and PureVideo HD technologyFeatures dual DVI-I / D-sub
D7411077	PRODUCT FEATURES:Advanced 3200dpi laser gamer mouse with weight adjustable design and onboard memoryBuilt-in cartridge with 7 metal weights to customize your mouse weight (including weight box)Onboard memory to store personal mouse preferencesPowerful laser engine with up to 20G of acceleration and 6.4 mpixel/sec image processing for accurate surface tracking at high speed movementMax speed up to 1.15m/sec (45"/sec) and full speed USB rate of 1000 reports/sec7 buttons and tilt wheel to take full control over your gameErgonomic design with rubber inlays for a firm gripLight weight USB cable for less drag and optimal freedom of movementAdvanced design with big smooth-gliding Teflon feet and gold-plated USB plugMulticolor LED design
D7411877	Microsoft Corp.'s Digital Media Keyboard 3000 is designed to fit the digital lifestyle, allowing users to bring digital media to life with one-touch access to photos, Windows Media Player, My Favorites Keys and Zoom. This sleek, thin keyboard is also optimized for Windows Vista, with quick access to the Flip 3D feature - all at an affordable price.
D7417705	PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports ATI CrossFire2 x PCI Express x16 slots (white x16 mode, purple x4 mode)Untied overclocking: during overclocking, FSB enjoys better margin due to fixed PCIE / PCI BusesHybrid booster - safe overclocking technologySupports PCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/s4 x Serial ATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support NCQ, AHCI and Hot Plug functions1 x eSerial ATAII 3.0 Gb/s connector1 x WiFi headerHDMI SPDIF header, providing SPDIF audio output to HDMI VGA card, allows the system to connect HDMI digital TV / projector / LCD devicesSupports I. O. T. (Intelligent Overclocking Technology), ASRock OC tunerASRock 8CH eSATAII I/O plus: 1 x eSATAII port, 1 x RJ-45 LAN port with LED, 4 ready-to-use USB ports
D7417975	The S12II series is designed for energy savings to meet the 80 PLUS specifications.Technically, the S12II is a dual 12V rails double forward converter circuit design. High grade conductive solid polymer aluminum capacitors are used to further enhance performance and reliability. These capacitors offer improved heat resistance and conductivity over the market standard electrolytic capacitors.Additionally, this high efficiency power supply uses finned and staggered T-shaped aluminum heat sinks to better dissipate the heat and at the same time, cooled by a large 12cm ball bearing fan connected to the super low noise fan control for near silent operations at most load conditions.
D7419586	Norton 360 version 2.0 delivers industry leading protection and performance in an easy to use all-in-one solution. With a single subscription up to three PCs are protected, safeguarding your family by verifying trusted web sites, blocking fake ones, and securely managing user names and passwords so that they can safely shop, bank, or browse online. Norton 360 v2.0 also helps keep your PCs running at peak performance and protects your data by making it easy to automatically back up and restore files locally or to a secured online storage service.
D7421477	Marketing description is not available.
D7421480	Marketing description is not available.
D7423782	Marketing description is not available.
D7423783	Marketing description is not available.
D7426206	Grandia represents brilliance, and SilverStone's Grandia GD02 is certainly a brilliant chassis that seamlessly integrates innovation and aesthetics. An HTPC enclosure has never been so powerful yet so compact like the GD02. With a depth of only 360 mm, it will comfortably fit inside home theater cabinets but still accommodate a regular sized power supply, Micro-ATX motherboard, and even high end graphics cards up to 11.5 inches. With exquisitely finished hair-brushed aluminum front panel and organic spherical appearance, GD02 is not only designed brilliantly but also looks brilliant.
D7426207	Grandia represents brilliance, and SilverStone's Grandia GD02 is certainly a brilliant chassis that seamlessly integrates innovation and aesthetics. Its friendly interface allows users to easily control onscreen actions while also providing a dedicated media player right on the front panel. An HTPC enclosure also has never been so powerful yet so compact like the GD02. With a depth of only 360mm, it will comfortably fit inside home theater cabinets but still accommodate a regular sized power supply, Micro-ATX motherboard, and even high end graphics cards up to 11.5 inches. With exquisitely finished hair-brushed aluminum front panel and organic spherical appearance, GD02 is not only designed brilliantly but also looks brilliant.
D7426208	Grandia represents brilliance, and SilverStone's Grandia GD02 is certainly a brilliant chassis that seamlessly integrates innovation and aesthetics. An HTPC enclosure has never been so powerful yet so compact like the GD02. With a depth of only 360 mm, it will comfortably fit inside home theater cabinets but still accommodate a regular sized power supply, Micro-ATX motherboard, and even high end graphics cards up to 11.5 inches. With exquisitely finished hair-brushed aluminum front panel and organic spherical appearance, GD02 is not only designed brilliantly but also looks brilliant.
D7426209	Grandia represents brilliance, and SilverStone's Grandia GD02 is certainly a brilliant chassis that seamlessly integrates innovation and aesthetics. Its friendly interface allows users to easily control onscreen actions while also providing a dedicated media player right on the front panel. An HTPC enclosure also has never been so powerful yet so compact like the GD02. With a depth of only 360mm, it will comfortably fit inside home theater cabinets but still accommodate a regular sized power supply, Micro-ATX motherboard, and even high end graphics cards up to 11.5 inches. With exquisitely finished hair-brushed aluminum front panel and organic spherical appearance, GD02 is not only designed brilliantly but also looks brilliant.
D7426210	The Kublai series tower chassis are made for computer enthusiasts who require a ferocious and swift system performance and a finely balanced system with cooling and quietness but without the extra features from the flagship Temjin series chassis. Constructed with steel body and aluminum front panel, the Kublai tower chassis retains the best qualities from both types of metal.The KL02 is finely finished in the same method that follows SilverStone's Temjin series. With creative movable drive bays, KL02 also provides user a flexible interior layout. The superior airflow design and side venting holes illustrate that the chassis is highly organized and tuned to deliver great cooling performance for any modern components with a pair of standard 120mm fans. For those looking to build a medium sized system with high quality enclosure, the KL02 is an excellent choice.
D7426212	Marketing description is not available.
D7426213	For SilverStone engineers, innovation is more than feature improvements; it is about improving total user experience. The Precision series PS01 is designed for enthusiasts and users that appreciate quality computing experience. With a heritage of conservative premium tower chassis as the basis, the PS01 takes a slightly different styling direction to achieve a look akin to having heightened spirit. For requiring a quality enclosure with colorful outlook, the PS01 is an excellent choice.
D7426214	For SilverStone engineers, innovation is more than feature improvements; it is about improving total user experience. The Precision series PS01 is designed for enthusiasts and users that appreciate quality computing experience. With a heritage of conservative premium tower chassis as the basis, the PS01 takes a slightly different styling direction to achieve a look akin to having heightened spirit. For requiring a quality enclosure with colorful outlook, the PS01 is an excellent choice.
D7426218	For users with mission-critical systems or file servers, nothing is more important than a power supply with always up reliability and redundancy. By combining proven industrial grade components and a focus on performance, Silverstone came up with its first power supply in the Gemini series, the ST46GF. With an amazing dual 460W independent power packs stowed inside a PS/2 frame, it is now possible to enjoy the bulletproof security of a 24/7 server in just about any case and any system!
D7426219	Marketing description is not available.
D7426220	Marketing description is not available.
D7432395	Features full bass and compact design. Connect these speakers to your PC and enjoy full, balanced audio on all your games, movies, and music.
D7433380	The 8-Port 100Base-FX Layer 2 Managed Switch provides exceptional performance, ease of use and flexibility for expanding network operations. Utilizing a robust 3.8Gbps backplane, the switch can easily accommodate multiple networks at 2km. Advanced management features include SNMP, VLAN, IGMP, and Port Security.
D7434217	Inheriting from D2 and D2X, Xonar DX also provides complete valuable Dolby Home Theater technologies for games and all home entertainments.
D7434693	The retractable design of the Store 'n Go family protects the USB connectors without the need for a cap. This means no more searching for lost caps in laptop bags and pockets!The sleek design has a blue LED light to signal when data is being transferred and also comes with preloaded password protection software.Simply plug into any USB port and drag and drop your folders and files.
D7434694	The retractable design of the Store 'n Go family protects the USB connectors without the need for a cap. This means no more searching for lost caps in laptop bags and pockets!The sleek design has a blue LED light to signal when data is being transferred and also comes with preloaded password protection software.Simply plug into any USB port and drag and drop your folders and files.
D7434695	The retractable design of the Store 'n Go family protects the USB connectors without the need for a cap. This means no more searching for lost caps in laptop bags and pockets!The sleek design has a blue LED light to signal when data is being transferred and also comes with preloaded password protection software.Simply plug into any USB port and drag and drop your folders and files.
D7434696	The retractable design of the Store 'n Go family protects the USB connectors without the need for a cap. This means no more searching for lost caps in laptop bags and pockets!The sleek design has a blue LED light to signal when data is being transferred and also comes with preloaded password protection software.Simply plug into any USB port and drag and drop your folders and files.
D7434761	The MSI K9N2 series is based on the nForce 780a and 750a chipset. The MSI K9N2 series supports AMD socket AM2 and AM2+, phenom CPUs, PCI-Express generation 2.0, hybrid SLI, hybrid power and eSATA. The K9N2 SLI Platinum is equipped with the award winning MSI Ciru-Pipe heatpipe cooler.
D7434762	The MSI K9N2 Diamond is based on the nForce 780a chipset. The MSI K9N2 Diamond supports AMD socket AM2 and AM2+, phenom CPU, PCI-Express generation 2.0, hybrid SLI and eSATA. The motherboard is equipped with the award winning MSI ciru-pipe heatpipe cooler. The MSI K9N2 Diamond comes with an X-Fi Xtreme audio card and 3 way Nvidia SLI support.The MSI K9N2 Diamond is 3-way SLI technology ready. This technology can combine 3 graphic cards to process tasks, which provides higher 3D gaming resolutions and more detailed DX10 effects. It will also enhance the 3D frame rate to a higher level for a smoother gaming experience.The MSI K9N2 Diamond comes with MSI's exclusive circu-pipe heatpipe cooler. The MSI circu-pipe effectively reduces the high temperature of the chipset and MOFSET, this improves the system's stability and product life. The CPU power supply of the MSI K9N2 Diamond is based on a five phase PWM design. The PWM capacitor on the motherboard is HI-C CAP. HI-C CAP (highly-conductive polymerized capacitor) is a high end capacitor which is already used for years in the server industry. MSI is the first to implement this next generation solid capacitor on the desktop platform as well. The HI-C CAP is suitable for motherboards with a high-frequency switching power supply. The looks of the HI-C CAP are similar to the Tantalum capacitor.
D7434763	The K9A2GM mainboard series utilizes AMD's 780G chipset which provides full HD, best-in-class 3D graphics performance, enhanced scalability, and "rock-solid stability" for mainstream gaming, multimedia and commercial PC systems.The K9A2GM mainboard series based on AMD 780G chipset. The mainboard offers AMD AM2+ socket supporting AMD Phenom quad core processor performance and the latest AMD chipsets with graphics core which features full 1080p high-definition video in a cost-effective basic mainboard design. It also supports AMD's Athlon series processor, HyperTransport 3.0 technology and DDR2-1066 memory. The integrated graphics processor (IGP) is based on ATI's Radeon HD3200 which supports DirectX 10 and incorporates dual display, integrated DVI, HDMI, and VGA port providing realistic and truly playable frame rates on some of the latest games titles, without need for installing a discrete graphics card.The K9A2GM mainboard series also features the PCI-Express 2.0 bus technology and delivers high performance support for AMD's Hybrid CrossFireX, allowing the combination of features or raw horse power from both the onboard graphics and compatible add in PCI-E graphics boards, for the ultimate high-definition entertainment experience. Moreover, the K9A2GM mainboard series also includes AMD's ATI-sourced Universal Video Decoder (UVD) core which video playback from the CPU to the GPU, so users can enjoy a smooth HD viewing experience.
D7436467	The Plantronics .Audio 920 wireless headset makes it simple to have clear conversations on your mobile phone and PC, and move seamlessly between them, anywhere you want to talk. Answer and disconnect with one touch. The Bluetooth connection lets you take Skype calls away from your laptop, wirelessly. Start talking in one easy step with the plug-and-play USB adapter.
D7439118	The Samsung Spinpoint F1 is the first three-disk hard drive features sophisticated recording technology. With its compact, lightweight package and advanced design, the F1 drive offers many advantages for high-density applications.
D7441205	The MK2552GSX reinforces Toshiba's technical and manufacturing expertise by offering 254 Gigabits of data per square inch. The 250GB drive in a 9.5mm form factor has been achieved through advances in the magnetic media used in the HDD platters and the components utilized to read and write data.Weighing 102g (max), Toshiba's MK2552GSX 250GB hard disk drive provides a compact and solid solution for notebooks and small form factor PCs, set-top boxes, external storage and much more digital applications.
D7441211	The EN9600GT SILENT/HTDI is a graphics card which incorporates the latest thermal solution. This exclusive innovation guarantees absolutely quiet operations, and an efficient means of heat dissipation for the most stable performances.
D7441216	PRODUCT FEATURES:V-Cool silent heatsinkHDMI output supportASUS SplendidASUS gamer OSDASUS SmartDoctorASUS video security onlineAGP 8X interfacePowered by ATI RADEON HD3650 GPUATI Avivo HD technologyHDCP compliantOpenGL 2.0 supportSingle dual-link DVI output which supports 2560 x 1600 at 30Hz resolution displays
D7442354	Engineered to deliver high capacity in a small form factor, the mobile MHZ2 BH series retains the outstanding level of quality and reliability for which Fujitsu is renowned. Featuring 160GB of storage space in a 9.5mm package, with low power consumption, acoustic noise, and minimal heat emissions, this 2.5-inch SATA hard disk drive is an excellent choice for today's ultra-fast, high-capacity notebook computers and consumer electronics applications. With the delivery of its next generation, perpendicular recording SATA hard disk drives, Fujitsu continues to demonstrate its strong commitment to technology leadership.
D7443407	Help your busy professionals focus more on the job at hand and less on the tools in their hand. The NX80 Cordless Laser Mouse for Notebooks gives you more innovation, including Logitech's advanced 2.4 GHz cordless technology and hyper-fast scrolling.
D7444565	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D7445013	Imagine a laser printer that's a perfect fit for your business. This compact laser will fit anywhere and the consistent performance will meet all your printing needs. Samsung's ML-2850 series features a sleek design that will fit your office and provide the freedom of convenience and space. Also there's more to this packed performer. It also fits into your bottom line by providing reliable and economical production. Its compact and reliable fits your needs.
D7445014	Imagine the excitement and sense of pride that this sleek jewel of a printer will bring to your life. Banish unattractive technology and welcome a trendy laser that will sparkle on your desk and light up your printouts. With Samsung SCX-4500W it's not that hard to imagine.
D7448500	Marketing description is not available.
D7448580	PRODUCT FEATURES:Comfortable optical mouse with PS/2 connection, suitable for all computers with PS/2 portWith 3 buttons and scroll wheelAdvanced optical sensor for fast response and high accuracySuitable for both right and left hand users
D7448581	PRODUCT FEATURES:Comfortable optical mouse with USB connection, suitable for all computers with USB portWith 3 buttons and scroll wheelAdvanced optical sensor for fast response and high accuracySuitable for both right and left hand users
D7449040	The SCX-4300 will become the command center for your home or business, quickly and efficiently printing, scanning, and copying everything you need. And best of all, this well designed printer is compact enough to fit anywhere and look attractive in its environment. With Samsung SCX-4300, it's not that hard to imagine.
D7449042	Marketing description is not available.
D7449043	Marketing description is not available.
D7449044	A monitor that mirrors art? Samsung designed the T240 with gracefully sculpted edges and a bezel with a soft hint of rich red. It also delivers impressive features like a 20,000:1 dynamic contrast ratio for sharper images and 2 ms response time which eliminates blurring. The Samsung T240 is more than just a monitor, its high-style combined with impressive technology.
D7449055	The Samsung ML-2851NDR small office network monochrome laser printer combines a compact and stylish design with the speed and strength of a larger printer. The ML-2851NDR can help reduce costs with its monthly duty cycle of 30,000 pages and TonerSave mode that can extend the cartridge life up to 40%. Working hard and looking good.
D7449056	Imagine the excitement and sense of pride that this sleek jewel of a printer will bring to your life. Banish unattractive technology and welcome a trendy laser that will sparkle on your desk and light up your printouts. With Samsung ML-1630W it's not that hard to imagine.
D7449249	The vertical design of the SELPHY ES20 is a perfect fit for any interior. Slide in an Easy Photo Pack to explore creative options for personalized, lab-quality prints to delight family and friends.
D7449253	Inside its sleek, pared down design, this top-of-the-line PowerShot A2000 IS is packed with easy-to-use features. You've got a 10.0-megapixel resolution and a 6x optical zoom with optical image stabilizer for big, beautiful prints and superb stability. To keep subjects looking their best, the DIGIC III image processor with Canon Face Detection handles the technical details - automatically. An easy mode allows you to concentrate on your scene, while easy playback lets you screen your images on a super-sized LCD.
D7451735	T3-M3N8200 supports AMD socket AM 2 Athlon 64 / Sempron / Athlon 64 ×2 / Athlon 64 FX / AM 2+ processors with 2MB / 1MB / 512KB L2 cache, which is based on 64-bit architecture. It features 2000 / 1600 MT/s hyper transport bus, dual-channel DDR2 1066 memory support and HDMI technology.
D7451750	PRODUCT FEATURES:Gigantic 512M DDR3 memory on boardV-Cool Silent Heatsink, 0dB noiseless powerful heat dissipation with V-engine & Intercooler design conceptBuilt-in multi-channel 5.1 surround audio over DVI-HDMI AdaptorPowered by ATI RADEON HD3650 GPUPCIE-2 Interface, backward compatible to PCIEATI Avivo HD Technology - Enjoy hardware based H.264/VC-1 decoding of Blu-ray and HD DVD movies on your computerHDCP Compliant: Allow playback of HD DVD, Blu-Ray Disc and other protected content at full HD resolutionsFull support for Microsoft DirectX10.1 and Shader Model 4.1 enables stunning and complex special effectsOpenGL 2.0 supportSingle dual-link DVI output which supports 2560 x 1600 at 30Hz resolution displays
D7451867	Optimized for maximum performance, the Store 'n' Go Executive drive offers premium read and write speeds of up to 200x (30MB/Sec) and 80x (12MB/Sec). The stylish silver, rubber finished design will fit perfectly with the latest laptops and PC's and the 128 bit AES encryption secures confidential data to keep all professional executive users happy.The retractable design of the Store 'n Go family protects the USB connectors without the need for a cap. This means no more searching for lost caps in laptop bags and pockets!Simply plug into any USB port and drag and drop your folders and files.
D7451868	Optimized for maximum performance, the Store 'n' Go Executive drive offers premium read and write speeds of up to 200x (30MB/Sec) and 80x (12MB/Sec). The stylish silver, rubber finished design will fit perfectly with the latest laptops and PC's and the 128 bit AES encryption secures confidential data to keep all professional executive users happy.The retractable design of the Store 'n Go family protects the USB connectors without the need for a cap. This means no more searching for lost caps in laptop bags and pockets!Simply plug into any USB port and drag and drop your folders and files.
D7452252	Marketing description is not available.
D7453361	Samsung Spinpoint M60 is a high performance HDD featuring 5400RPM and onboard cache of 8MB buffer. It targets mainstream to high-end notebook PCs, and small form factor desktop PCs.
D7454418	Equipped with the revolutionary 4000dpi Razer Precision 3G Laser sensor, the Razer Lachesis gaming mouse takes on the same lethal traits as its namesake that will send shivers down your enemies' spines. Add 32KB of onboard memory, nine programmable Hyperesponse buttons, as well as an impressive 1000Hz Ultrapolling with 1ms response time, and you've got a formidable weapon in your arsenal of destruction. Victory beckons - move in for the kill.
D7454626	Techsolo think also at the user that need mouse suitable for notebook with 3 different mice for every requirement. The mice are small and fit for portability. The roll-able cable for wire mouse and laser, the resolution of 800 dpi or more, materials with high quality, make Techsolo's mice interesting accessories.
D7454631	Marketing description is not available.
D7454705	Developed with advanced design for use with cases that utilize mobile on desktop processors, the NT07-AM2 is the ideal replacement CPU cooler for those who needs quieter performance or has tight space requirements. Constructed out of aluminum block, the NT07-AM2 is capable of delivering superior heat absorbing ability than the average mobile CPU cooler of larger size. Mated with a carefully selected 80mm fan, with total height of only 37mm, it operates in impressively low noise level with plenty of airflow thanks to its smaller hub with improved fan blade design. The NT07-AM2 can be used in any enclosures with satisfying results.
D7454707	The SG02F, as the successor to the SG02 is an evolutionary step forward in both performance and the capabilities over the original Sugo chassis. With the case now capable of handling even more powerful graphics cards than ever before, the SilverStone engineers were still able to keep the smaller dimension in tact. Although SG02F's front panel design is unchanged from its predecessor, its styling and function continues to stand out from ordinary SFF designs. The same can also be said of its tried and true chassis layout, which is still capable of accepting larger ATX power supply or optical drives than other SFF cases available. Built based on a steel structure, the SG02F is sure to please potential builders looking for primarily silent applications.
D7455281	WD Elements USB 2.0 external hard drive is an easy-to-use, reliable way to add more storage to your PC or Macintosh. Simply plug it in to a USB port and start saving or backing up your photos, music, video, and files. It's preformatted for immediate use so there's no software or CD to load. The compact, durable metal case provides extra data protection helping keep data safe from loss.
D7456501	Marketing description is not available.
D7456503	Marketing description is not available.
D7456504	Marketing description is not available.
D7456505	Marketing description is not available.
D7457244	PRODUCT FEATURES:Controls two PCs with one PS/2- or USB-keyboard, one PS/2- or USB-mouse and one monitorSimple installation - no additional software neededPC-choice over push-buttons or hot-keyExcellent video quality - up to 2048x1536 pixels at 85HzSupports DDC, DDC2Hot Plug and PlayEmulates a keyboard on each PC to allow your computers to boot normally without a keyboard errorSelf powered through PS/2 and/or USB connectionFully compliant with the USB 1.1/ 2.0 specification
D7458322	PRODUCT FEATURES:334GB formatted capacity per diskSerial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportImproved recording stability over temperature with PMRAdvanced dynamic FOD control for best data integrityIntelligent compensation of external disturbanceSATA native command queuing featureDevice initiated SATA power managementStaggerd spin-up supportEnvironment friendly product with RoHS complianceImproved performance with dual-ARM based firmwareATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantATA automatic acoustic management featureATA 48-bit address featureATA device configuration overlay featureNoiseGuardSilentSeek
D7458340	Marketing description is not available.
D7458349	The Day/Night Pan/Tilt Internet Camera Server with 2-Way Audio provides day and night security over a large area. See, hear and talk to people in your camera's viewing field day or night from any Internet connection.Secure a larger area with pan and tilt Internet cameras. Pan the camera side-to-side a remarkable 330° and tilt up-and-down 105°.The TV-IP422 provides high quality video streams over a secure remote connection. This camera's brilliant image quality, pan/tilt functionality, day/night recording capabilities and built-in 2-way audio make it ideal for home, small office and business use.
D7458350	The Wireless Day/Night Pan/Tilt Internet Camera Server with Audio (TV-IP422W) provides day and night security over a large area. See, hear and talk to people in your camera's viewing field day or night from any Internet connection.Secure a larger area with wireless pan and tilt Internet cameras. Pan the camera side-to-side a remarkable 330° and tilt up-and-down 105°.The TV-IP422W provides high quality video streams over a secure wireless connection. Advanced intuitive software includes motion detection recording, email alerts and scheduled recordings. This camera's brilliant image quality, pan / tilt functionality, day / night recording capabilities and built-in 2-way audio make it ideal for home, small office and business use.
D7459936	Imagine an inkjet fax that is small enough to fit anywhere, and it is so error free that faxes will practically send by themselves. Now faxing doesn't mean carrying a large stack of papers to the office fax machine and spending time waiting, dialing, unjamming paper. With the SF-375TP, the small size lets you fax right from your desk. It is on standby and ready to use 24H/7D and provides skew-free faxing. Get error-free faxing every time. With SAMSUNG SF-375TP, it's not that hard to imagine.
D7459953	PRODUCT FEATURES:Maximum 334GB formatted capacity per diskSerial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportImproved recording stability over temperature with PMRAdvanced dynamic FOD control for best data integrityIntelligent compensation of external disturbanceSATA native command queuing featureDevice initiated SATA power managementStaggered spin-up supportRotational vibration sensorEnvironment friendly product with RoHS complianceImproved performance with dual-ARM based firmwareATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantATA automatic acoustic management featureATA 48-bit address featureATA device configuration overlay featureNoiseGuardSilentSeek
D7459955	PRODUCT FEATURES:Serial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportImproved recording stability over temperature with PMRAdvanced dynamic FOD control for best data integrityIntelligent compensation of external disturbanceSATA native command queuing featureDevice initiated SATA power managementStaggerd spin-up supportRotational vibration sensorEnvironment friendly product with RoHS complianceImproved performance with dual-ARM based firmwareATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantATA automatic acoustic management featureATA 48-bit address featureATA device configuration overlay featureNoiseGuardSilentSeek
D7460262	The Verbatim 3.5'' external hard drive instantly adds high-performace storage in an attractive design for your PC or Mac. The Verbatim 3.5'' hard drive stores thousands of digital photos, videos, MP3 songs and other electronic files. Powered by a 7200 RPM hard drive, the desktop hard drive races through the most demanding audio/video applications, allowing you to work more and wait less. The 3.5'' hard drive delivers outstanding quality, performance and reliability for both professional and home use.
D7462011	The CG of models stand out strong, owing to their very balanced-out ergonomics. All relevant connectors (USB, eSATA and audio) are located in easy-to-reach positions, easily accessable while sitting in a working position. Bending over or going on your knees to connect a cable is no more. Highly scaleable considers the limited space.
D7462013	The CG of models stand out strong, owing to their very balanced-out ergonomics. All relevant connectors (USB, eSATA and audio) are located in easy-to-reach positions, easily accessible while sitting in a working position. Bending over or going on your knees to connect a cable is no more. Highly scaleable considers the limited space.
D7462940	Mac Pro users demand the highest performance from their systems, especially when working with digital media applications. Corsair's Mac Memory is specifically designed for rock-solid stability in demanding digital media rich environments. Corsair Mac Memory allows users to maximize memory capacity and throughput to increase their systems performance.Mac Memory modules are Fully-Buffered DIMMs, or FB-DIMMs, which are different than the typical memory running in standard PCs. In an FB-DIMM module, the memory controller does not write directly to the memory module, but to a buffer, which then writes to the module. This buffer, the Advanced Memory Buffer (AMB) can also provide built-in error checking and correction.Built to Corsair's legendary quality and reliability standards, Mac Memory FB-DIMM modules are fully tested to ensure maximum compatibility and performance in Apple Mac Pro products. Adding system memory is one of the most effective ways to improve overall performance and Corsair's Mac Memory offers a full line of choices for upgrading your specific Mac Pro platform. FB-DIMMs require two identical modules to be installed at once for proper operation.
D7463209	Marketing description is not available.
D7464012	This aluminum case is designed for 2.5" SATA hard disk drive, it features LED for status, USB 2.0 and eSATA interface, and comes with leatherette bag.
D7464013	This product is a aluminum case for 2,5" SATA hard disk drive, features LED for status, USB2.0 and eSATA interface, with 3,5 frame.
D7464014	PRODUCT FEATURES:Support 3,5" SATA I/II harddisk driveWithout capacity limitUSB 2.0 & eSATA Combo interfaceHot Plug & Play and Hot SwapStatus LED for power and accessHard disk installation without additional toolsLow noise, fan less designVertikal and horizontal usableON/OFF switch at the rear sideAdditional SATA power connector for power supplyIn 3,5" frame (IB-351StUSD-B)Scope of supply: IB-390StUS-B, power supply withPowercable, USB2.0 & eSATA cable, socket, keyAnd screwbag
D7464359	The VK222H provides the high contrast ratio of 5000:1, which can dynamically adjust contrast between black and white to provide sharper and brighter images - especially during games and movies.Aspect control function enables 4:3 contents without image distortion on the widescreen.
D7468106	Realize new possibilities for connecting with friends, family, and digital entertainment with the phenomenal performance of the AMD Phenom X4 series quad-core processor. Built from the ground up for true quad-core performance, AMD Phenom X4 processors speed through advanced multitasking, critical business productivity, advanced visual design and modeling, serious gaming, and visually stunning digital media and entertainment.
D7469135	The SH-S223 drive offers a powerful over-speed performance feature that enables consumers to burn data at high speeds - even on low speed media. With over-speed recording, users can write at 22X speeds on 16X media and 12X speeds on 8X media. As lower speed media is more cost-effective, users can save money while burning discs at faster speeds.The SH-S223 drive provides blazing recording speeds across a gamut of different data media types including 22X DVD±R recording, 12X DVD-RAM recording, 16X DVD+R Dual Layer recording, 12X DVD-R Dual Layer recording, 8X DVD+RW recording and 6X DVD-RW recording. It enables consumers to burn 4.7GB on a DVD±R disc in approximately 4 minutes and 26 seconds, a 6 percent increase in speed compared to a 20X DVD writer. It also takes less than 12 minutes to burn 4.7GB in DVD-RAM format, which is a 30 percent increase in speed over a 20X DVD drive.Samsung's SH-S223 drive supports SATA interface, the dominant interface for PCs.As with Samsung's complete WriteMaster optical disc drive lineup, the SH-S223 features specific technology that ensures best-of-breed performance including SAT1 (Speed Adjustment Technology), TAC2 (Tilt Actuator Compensation) and Double OPC3 (Optimum Power Control). Buffer Under Run Free Technology4 supports stable writing under high speed, and Magic Speed5 and ABS (Automatic Ball Balancing System)6 technologies reduce vibration and noise. The SH-S223 is also eco-friendly designed and is RoHS compliant.
D7469138	PRODUCT FEATURES:Maximum 167GB formatted capacity per diskSerial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportSATA native command queuing feature setDevice initiated SATA power managementStaggerd spin-up supportHigh speed dual Digital Signal Processor (DSP) based architectureATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantATA automatic acoustic management feature setATA 48-bit address feature setATA device configuration overlay feature setNoiseGuardSilentSeek
D7469255	The Acer Essentials line of notebook carry cases combine a simple and efficient design with an attractive value proposition.This protection sleeve guards your notebook from dust and scratches. The two convenient handles make it easy to carry your 15.4" notebook around.
D7469256	The Acer Smart Line notebook cases are designed to offer a stunning and recognizably professional range of multi-featured, designer cases for a fashionably contemporary look.
D7469930	PRODUCT FEATURES:Improved convenience for mobile printersEquipped smart LED functionPigment black ink for enhanced text quality
D7469931	The BU-30 Bluetooth adapter allows printing from wireless devices such as mobile phones.
D7469932	The LK-62 Lithium-ion battery comes with an approximate 290 page life per three-hour charge.
D7469933	Mobile professionals on-the-go will especially benefit from the Automobile Power Unit (PU-200U). Users who frequently work from their car can use the Automobile Power Unit to power their supported Mobile Printer directly through a car power socket.
D7470032	The rugged, compact iP100 Mobile Printer delivers remarkable quality and print-anywhere portability. Its patented print head technology and 5-color ink system let you create spectacular photos with 9600 x 2400 color dpi resolution (maximum). A photo lab quality 4" x 6" borderless print takes only about 55 seconds. It offers IrDA compatibility and an optional BU-20 Bluetooth interface, so you can print wirelessly from a PC, PDA or camera phone. Or, connect a digital camera and print photos direct - no PC required! Plus, the Auto Image Fix feature corrects images for the best possible exposure, color, brightness and contrast.
D7470033	The rugged, compact iP100 Mobile Printer delivers remarkable quality and print-anywhere portability. Its patented print head technology and 5-color ink system let you create spectacular photos with 9600 x 2400 color dpi resolution (maximum). A photo lab quality 4" x 6" borderless print takes only about 55 seconds. It offers IrDA compatibility and an optional BU-20 Bluetooth interface, so you can print wirelessly from a PC, PDA or camera phone. Or, connect a digital camera and print photos direct - no PC required! Plus, the Auto Image Fix feature corrects images for the best possible exposure, color, brightness and contrast.
D7470149	The perfect way to keep in touch with friends and family, the Logitech QuickCam E 3500 is an easy-to-use webcam that features 1.3-megapixel (software enhanced) photos and RightLight technology for enhanced image quality - even in dim light. Plus, its built-in microphone with RightSound technology ensures the whole family can enjoy crystal-clear conversations without annoying background noise. A universal monitor clip/base attaches securely to ultra-thin notebook monitors and desktop monitors alike, or can be placed on flat surfaces.
D7470150	The perfect way to keep in touch with friends and family, the Logitech QuickCam E 3500 Plus is an easy-to-use webcam that features 1.3-megapixel photos and RightLight technology for enhanced image quality - even in dim light. Plus, its built-in microphone with RightSound technology ensures the whole family can enjoy crystal-clear conversations without annoying background noise. A universal monitor clip/base attaches securely to ultra-thin notebook monitors and desktop monitors alike, or can be placed on flat surfaces.
D7470151	With VGA resolution, RightSound for crystal clear conversation, and one-click image capture software, Logitech Quickcam E 2500 makes video calling so easy.
D7472003	PRODUCT FEATURES:Support for Socket AM2+ / AM2 processorsSupports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologyNVIDIA GeForce 8200 chipsetFSB 2600 MHz (5.2 GT/s)Supports Dual Channel DDR2 1066 with AM2+ CPU, and DDR2 800/667/533 with AM2 CPU, with 4 DIMM slots, maximum capacity up to 8GBSupports NVIDIA Hybrid SLIIntegrated NVIDIA GeForce8 Series DX10 VGA, Pixel Shader 4.0, Max. shared memory 512MB6 x Serial ATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support RAID (RAID 0, RAID 1, RAID 0+1, RAID 5, JBOD), NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functionsSupports Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sDual VGA output - support DVI-D and D-Sub ports by independent display controllersSupports HDCP function with DVI-D port, to enjoy better quality with high definition HDCP encryption contentsSupports full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD) / HD-DVD playback with DVI-D portNVIDIA PureVideo HD readyChipset embedded HDMI audio which supports HDMI signal through DVI-D port by using DVI to HDMI adapter (not bundled)Supports ASRock OC tuner, intelligent energy saver
D7475262	PRODUCT FEATURES:Support 3,5” SATA I/II harddisk driveWithout capacity limitUSB 2.0 and eSATA combo interfaceHot plug and play and hot swapStatus LED for power and accessHard disk installation without additional toolsLow noise, fan less designVertikal and horizontal usableOn/off switch at the rear side5,25" docking station for PC
D7475948	The color of Techsolo TM-97 laser mouse is bicolor.
D7476004	Marketing description is not available.
D7476005	Marketing description is not available.
D7476328	PRODUCT FEATURES:Tested according to link performance class EHousing of steel sheetShielded RJ45 female socketsCable installation via LSA strips, color-coded as per EIA/TIA 568BFixing option for cable ties, central ground connection
D7478424	The Samsung Spinpoint F1 is the first three-disk hard drive features sophisticated recording technology. With its compact, lightweight package and advanced design, the F1 drive offers many advantages for high-density applications.
D7478429	Toner performance is optimized for Samsung printerEnsures a uniform print qualityEasy to maintain and manageMonitoring supplies technology notifies customers when toner is low or needs to be replaced
D7478952	PRODUCT FEATURES:Simple in design, versatile in applicationsSlim and narrow bezelDFC technology for superb viewing experienceConvenient aspect ratio conversion
D7479055	Engineered for maximum speed! WD VelociRaptor, member of the unique class of 10,000 RPM SATA hard drives, combines a SATA 3Gb/s interface and 16MB cache, to deliver performance that's up to 35% faster than its speedy older brother.
D7479339	Snap hoods8-wire cable, single shielded, AWG28
D7479340	Snap hoods8-wire cable, single shielded, AWG28
D7479344	PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x USB A female, each twistable about 180 degree1 x USB A male, integrated and twistable about 180 degreeSpace-saving design, direct pluggable to the notebook without additional cableHigh-quality "softtouch" materialWith status LED and connector for an additional power supplyUSB 2.0 and USB 1.1 compatibleSupports "Hot-Plug" and "Plug and Play"
D7479454	Centurion, an honorable name, represents quality of discipline, integrity and loyalty. With the Centurion besides you, now you can concord the world feeling safe and proud without having to be a Caesar.PRODUCT FEATURES:Special perforated screen design provides the superior airflow and maximum cooling performance;Easy to clean and maintain;Tool-free assembly/disassembly for quick and maintenance or upgrade;Comes with a 120mm rear fan to give your PC the best ventilation.
D7480275	The TL-WN861N Wireless N Mini PCI Adapter complies with IEEE 802.11n (Draft 2.0), IEEE 802.11g, and IEEE 802.11b standards. Wireless transmission rates can reach up to 300Mbps. The Mini PCI card adopts MIMO technology providing even better wireless performance, transmission rates, stability and coverage. At the same time, CCA technology automatically avoids channel conflicts using its channel selection feature. This product supports 64/128/152-bit WEP encryptions, as well as WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK encryptions and mechanisms in addition to the adapter's QSS (Quick Secure Setup) feature, allowing users to quickly and easily configure wireless security. This product can also simultaneously operate bandwidth intensive applications such as voice and video. Applications using a lot of bandwidth that are sensitive to interruptions such as voice and video applications are given priority in order to assure quality. It also works well with other 11g and 11n protocol wireless products.
D7480276	The TL-WN851N Wireless N PCI Adapter complies with IEEE 802.11n (Draft 2.0), IEEE 802.11g, and IEEE 802.11b standards. Wireless transmission rates can reach up to 300Mbps. The PCI card employs MIMO technology and has two external detachable omni directional antennas providing even better wireless performance, transmission rates, stability and coverage. At the same time, CCA technology automatically avoids channel conflicts using its channel selection feature. This product supports 64/128/152-bit WEP encryptions, as well as WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK encryptions and mechanisms in addition to the adapter's QSS (Quick Secure Setup) feature, allowing users to quickly and easily configure wireless security. This product can also simultaneously operate bandwidth intensive applications such as voice and video. Applications using a lot of bandwidth that are sensitive to interruptions such as voice and video applications are given priority in order to assure quality. It also works well with other 11g and 11n protocol wireless products.
D7481639	PRODUCT FEATURES:Independent +12 V rails provide individual power to different devices, thus making the system more stableLess heat and less noise due to 80% efficiency; this saves electricity, making it an economical and ecological solutionOne 6-pin and one 6+2-pin PCI-Express connector supports NVIDIA SLI technology and ATI crossfire graphic cardsPCI-Express 6-pin and 6+2-pin cables with REMI technology reduce EMI ripples and interferencesIDE and SATA hard disks are available for numerous configurations, particularly suitable for graphic-, gaming- and server-usagePatented manual +12V rails "TURBO" mode switch can integrate both rails into one single rail with more DC outputBy means of TSCT (Tagan Silence Control Technology) the fan of the Tagan power supply operates very silent at any DC outputBlack mesh and copper-shielded cables help to optimize airflow and makes the cables short-circuit proofPatented PipeRock modular cable management with colorfully illuminated housing to avoid wrong connectionInternal OVP (Over Voltage Protection) and OCP (Over Current Protection) functions avoid sudden power surge to protect components in the systemAnti-vibration rubber frame between power supply and case avoids vibration and reduces noiseEmbedded AC input socket avoids interference with PC caseBig I/O switch with dust proof rubber cover avoids dust and bears more current of AC inputUnique ground wire with golden pin diverts static electricity from connected components to avoid disturbances
D7481640	PRODUCT FEATURES:Compliant with Intel EPS12V Ver. 2.92 and ATX Ver. 2.2 and downward versions with six independent +12V railsSix independent +12V rails provide individual power to different devices, thus making the system more stableUniversal motherboard compatibility due to 20+4-pin main power as well as 4-pin and 8-pin power connectorsLess heat and less noise due to 80% efficiency, this saves electricity, making it an economical and ecological solutionTwo 6-pin and two 6+2-pin PCI-Express connectors support NVIDIA SLI and Quad-SLI technology and ATI CrossFire graphic cardsPCI-Express 6-pin and 6+2-pin cables with REMI technology reduce EMI ripples and noisesSupports high-end motherboard with VGA 4-pin socket for graphic card powerPatented manual +12V rails “TURBO” mode switch can integrate six rails into single rail with more DC outputBy means of TSCT (Tagan Silence Control Technology) the fan of the Tagan power supply operates very silent at any DC outputPerfect cooling and silent solution due to the illuminated 13.5cm fan together with the super-big heat sink insideMesh and copper-shielded cables help to optimize airflow and make the cables short-circuit proofPatented PipeRock modular cable management with colorfully illuminated housing to avoid wrong connectionInternal OVP (Over Voltage Protection) and OCP (Over Current Protection) functions avoid sudden power surge to protect components in the systemUniversal AC input range for all countriesAnti-vibration rubber frame between power supply and case avoids vibration and reduces noiseEmbedded AC input socket avoids interference with PC caseBig I/O switch with dust proof rubber cover avoids dust and bears more current of AC inputUnique ground wire with golden pin diverts static electricity from connected components to avoid disturbances
D7481641	PRODUCT FEATURES:Six independent +12 V rails provide individual power to different devices, thus making the system more stableUniversal motherboard compatibility due to 20+4-pin main power as well as 4-pin and 8-pin (+12 V) power connectorsLess heat and less noise due to 80% efficiency; this saves electricity, making it an economical and ecological solutionTwo 6-pin and two 6+2-pin PCI-Express connectors support NVIDIA SLI and Quad-SLI technology and ATI crossfire graphic cardsPCI-Express 6-pin and 6+2-pin cables with REMI technology (ferrite core + cable shielding + anti-noise capacitor) reduce EMI ripples and noisesTotal 14 IDE and SATA hard disks are available for numerous configurations, particularly suitable for graphic-, gaming- and server-usagePatented manual +12V rails "TURBO" mode switch can integrate six rails into single rail with more DC outputBy means of TSCT (Tagan Silence Control Technology) the fan of the Tagan power supply operates very silent at any DC outputPerfect cooling and silent solution due to the blue illuminated 13.5 cm fan together with the super-big heat sink insideBlack mesh and copper-shielded cables help to optimize airflow and makes the cables short-circuit proofPatented PipeRock modular cable management with colorfully illuminated housing to avoid wrong connectionInternal OVP (Over Voltage Protection) and OCP (Over Current Protection) functions avoid sudden power surge to protect components in the systemAnti-vibration rubber frame between power supply and case avoids vibration and reduces noiseEmbedded AC input socket avoids interference with PC caseBig I/O switch with dust proof rubber cover avoids dust and bears more current of AC inputUnique ground wire with golden pin diverts static electricity from connected components to avoid disturbances
D7481642	PRODUCT FEATURES:Independent +12 V rails provide individual power to different devices, thus making the system more stableLess heat and less noise due to 80% efficiency; this saves electricity, making it an economical and ecological solutionOne 6-pin and one 6+2-pin PCI-Express connector supports NVIDIA SLI technology and ATI crossfire graphic cardsPCI-Express 6-pin and 6+2-pin cables with REMI technology reduce EMI ripples and interferencesIDE and SATA hard disks are available for numerous configurations, particularly suitable for graphic-, gaming- and server-usagePatented manual +12V rails "TURBO" mode switch can integrate both rails into one single rail with more DC outputBy means of TSCT (Tagan Silence Control Technology) the fan of the Tagan power supply operates very silent at any DC outputBlack mesh and copper-shielded cables help to optimize airflow and makes the cables short-circuit proofPatented PipeRock modular cable management with colorfully illuminated housing to avoid wrong connectionInternal OVP (Over Voltage Protection) and OCP (Over Current Protection) functions avoid sudden power surge to protect components in the systemAnti-vibration rubber frame between power supply and case avoids vibration and reduces noiseEmbedded AC input socket avoids interference with PC caseBig I/O switch with dust proof rubber cover avoids dust and bears more current of AC inputUnique ground wire with golden pin diverts static electricity from connected components to avoid disturbances
D7488638	The Spinpoint M6 is designed to fit the industry's standard 9.5mm height dimension and armed with a massive capacity, the drive is targeted to meet the growing storage needs of today's notebook computers as well as slim form factor PCs and high density mobile applications.The Spinpoint M6 features a 2.5" hard drive frame measuring just 9.5mm in height. This critical feature gives notebook PC manufacturers the option of easily integrating the Spinpoint M6 into the tens of millions of notebook PCs that ship every quarter. This hard drive features a 5400rpm spindle speed, a 8MB cache, and 3.0Gbps SATA interface
D7497450	PRODUCT FEATURES:Two independent +12 V rails provide individual power to different devices, thus making the system more stableLess heat and less noise due to 80% efficiency; this saves electricity, making it an economical and ecological solutionOne 6-pin and one 6+2-pin PCI-Express connector supports NVIDIA SLI technology and ATI crossfire graphic cardsPCI-Express 6-pin and 6+2-pin cables with REMI technology reduce EMI ripples and interferencesTotal 14 IDE and SATA hard disks are available for numerous configurations, particularly suitable for graphic-, gaming- and server-usagePatented manual +12V rails "TURBO" mode switch can integrate both rails into one single rail with more DC outputBy means of TSCT (Tagan Silence Control Technology) the fan of the Tagan power supply operates very silent at any DC outputBlack mesh and copper-shielded cables help to optimize airflow and makes the cables short-circuit proofPatented PipeRock modular cable management with colorfully illuminated housing to avoid wrong connectionInternal OVP (Over Voltage Protection) and OCP (Over Current Protection) functions avoid sudden power surge to protect components in the systemAnti-vibration rubber frame between power supply and case avoids vibration and reduces noiseEmbedded AC input socket avoids interference with PC caseBig I/O switch with dust proof rubber cover avoids dust and bears more current of AC inputUnique ground wire with golden pin diverts static electricity from connected components to avoid disturbances
D7497451	PRODUCT FEATURES:Independent +12 V rails provide individual power to different devices, thus making the system more stableLess heat and less noise due to 80% efficiency; this saves electricity, making it an economical and ecological solutionOne 6-pin and one 6+2-pin PCI-Express connector supports NVIDIA SLI technology and ATI crossfire graphic cardsPCI-Express 6-pin and 6+2-pin cables with REMI technology reduce EMI ripples and interferencesIDE and SATA hard disks are available for numerous configurations, particularly suitable for graphic-, gaming- and server-usagePatented manual +12V rails "TURBO" mode switch can integrate both rails into one single rail with more DC outputBy means of TSCT (Tagan Silence Control Technology) the fan of the Tagan power supply operates very silent at any DC outputBlack mesh and copper-shielded cables help to optimize airflow and makes the cables short-circuit proofPatented PipeRock modular cable management with colorfully illuminated housing to avoid wrong connectionInternal OVP (Over Voltage Protection) and OCP (Over Current Protection) functions avoid sudden power surge to protect components in the systemAnti-vibration rubber frame between power supply and case avoids vibration and reduces noiseEmbedded AC input socket avoids interference with PC caseBig I/O switch with dust proof rubber cover avoids dust and bears more current of AC inputUnique ground wire with golden pin diverts static electricity from connected components to avoid disturbances
D7498833	Increase your performance with the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core processor. Work or play with multiple programs without any stalling or waiting. Dual-core technology is like having two processors, and two working together is better and faster than one working alone.
D7503357	Windows Vista Home Basic is the edition of Windows for basic home computing needs. If you only want to use your PC for tasks like browsing the Internet, using e-mail, or viewing photos, then Windows Vista Home Basic may be the right edition for you. While it won't provide as many benefits as Windows Vista Home Premium, it will help you use your PC more easily and more safely than you could with Windows XP.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7503362	Windows XP Home Edition gives you the freedom to experience more than you ever thought possible with your computer and the Internet. This is the operating system home users have been waiting for - because it offers serious speed and serious stability, so you can have serious fun.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7503364	The Windows XP Professional operating system is the best choice for businesses of all sizes. Windows XP Professional integrates the strengths of Windows 2000 Professional, such as standards-based security, manageability, and reliability, with the best business features of Windows 98 and Windows Millennium Edition, such as plug and play, simplified user interface, and innovative support services. This combination creates the best desktop operating system for business. Whether your business deploys Windows XP Professional on a single computer or throughout a worldwide network, this operating system increases your computing power while lowering cost of ownership for desktop computers.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7503416	Marketing description is not available.
D7503419	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7503426	The Windows XP Professional operating system is the best choice for businesses of all sizes. Windows XP Professional integrates the strengths of Windows 2000 Professional, such as standards-based security, manageability, and reliability, with the best business features of Windows 98 and Windows Millennium Edition, such as plug and play, simplified user interface, and innovative support services. This combination creates the best desktop operating system for business. Whether your business deploys Windows XP Professional on a single computer or throughout a worldwide network, this operating system increases your computing power while lowering cost of ownership for desktop computers.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7503427	The Windows XP Professional operating system is the best choice for businesses of all sizes. Windows XP Professional integrates the strengths of Windows 2000 Professional, such as standards-based security, manageability, and reliability, with the best business features of Windows 98 and Windows Millennium Edition, such as plug and play, simplified user interface, and innovative support services. This combination creates the best desktop operating system for business. Whether your business deploys Windows XP Professional on a single computer or throughout a worldwide network, this operating system increases your computing power while lowering cost of ownership for desktop computers.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7506885	The ASUS P5E Deluxe combines powerful performance with great energy efficiency. This Intel X48 chipset motherboard supports DDR2 1200MHz dual-channel memory architecture; and Dual PCI Express 2.0 x16 lanes for doubled graphics speed and bandwidth. With the embedded ASUS EPU (Energy Processing Unit), the power supply is digitally monitored and fine-tuned with improved VR responses in heavy or light loadings. Working together with AI Gear 3++, it automatically provides power for higher performance or saves energy when running low intensity applications - attaining the best possible power efficiency and energy savings to help save the environment.
D7507075	Marketing description is not available.
D7507077	The LG 5000:1 digital fine contrast W2600H 25.5" wide LCD monitor compliments any user looking for additional visible real estate and excellent performance and style. The LG W2600H comes with many features including an ergonomic height adjust function and 4 USB ports! Enjoy crisp, clear, and bright images with a 5000:1 digital fine contrast ratio and a fast 5ms response time. The LG W2600H comes HD 1080P capable through the integrated DVI (HDCP) connection. The LG W2600H is ideal for graphics, gaming, multimedia; including HD movies, multiple document visibility requirements, and every day usage. Users looking for LG's distinctive style, accurate picture representation, and advanced specification and feature set will fully enjoy this LG 25.5" HD 1080P capable wide screen LCD format. With LG, life's good!
D7507822	PRODUCT FEATURES:For standard 3,5" SATA/SATA II HDDsAluminum enclosure with integrated cooling fan10/100Mbit Fast Ethernet, up to 480Mbps USBExternal enclosure for 3,5" hard disk drives with RJ45 network and USB 2.0 connectorsNAS function to provide centralized data access and storage to the networkEasy provides storage space for expansion, sharing and backup to the whole networkIdeal, cost-efficient and mobile "stand alone" solution for office or home usersRJ45 network connector for Fast Ethernet 10/100 MbpsEasy installation an administration by web interface - no additional driver software neededProvides FTP file server platform supportLED indicators for operation, connection, data transferHot pluggable, hot swappable and plug and play capable
D7508721	The TP-LINK ADSL2/2+ Modem with 108M Wireless Router (TD-W8920GB) is a 3-in-1 device that combines the function of a high-speed DSL modem, Super G and eXtended range wireless access point, and 4-port Ethernet router. It supports the ADSL2/2+ standards to provide higher performance and longer reach from your Internet Service Provider’s (ISP) Digital Subscriber Line Access Multiplexer (DSLAM).With the TD-W8920GB, you can create a wireless network to connect 802.11g/802.11b devices as well as a wired network to connect up to four 10/100 Ethernet devices. The TD-W8920GB includes a built-in QoS engine that helps prioritize Internet traffic to enable smooth Internet phone calls (VoIP) and lag-free online gaming. To prevent unauthorized wireless access into your network, the TDW8920GB supports the latest encryption including WEP, WPA, and WPA2. In addition, this device includes Dual Active Firewalls (NAT and Packet Filter)) to help protect your network from potential attacks from across the Internet. The TD-W8920GB also supports TR-069 which automatically updates the firmware and other settings when they become available from your ISP. Whether it is for a home or for a small office user, the ADSL2/2+ Modem with 108M Wireless Router (TD-W8920GB) is the ideal all-in-one broadband and wireless networking solution.
D7508722	TL-SF1016D 16-port 10/100Mbps Fast Ethernet Switch provides 16 10/100Mbps auto-negotiation RJ45 ports. All ports support auto MDI/MDIX function, eliminating the need for crossover cables or uplink ports. The switch is plug-and-play and each port can be used as general ports or uplink ports and can be simply plugged into a server, a hub or a switch, using straight cable or crossover cable.The TP-LINK TL-SF1016D 16-port 10/100M Fast Ethernet Switch provides you with a low-cost, easy-to-use, high-performance, seamless and standard upgrade to improve your old network to a 100Mbps network. It will boost your network performance up to full duplex data transfer. Its wire-speed switching that forwards packets can be as fast as the speed that your network delivers those packets to them.
D7508723	The TL-SG2109WEB Pure-Gigabit Web Smart Switch fully complies with IEEE 802.3/802.3u/802.3ab/802.3z Ethernet standards. It provides 8 10/100/1000Mbps UTP/STP RJ45 ports with auto-MDI/MDIX and 1 SFP independence expansion slots supporting MiniGBIC modules. It also provides Web-based management functions including the system, port network, VLAN, Trunk, Priority and security etc. Its standard 19-inch rack-mountable steel case and intelligent management makes it is suitable for small, middle and large networks.
D7508724	The TL-SG2216WEB Pure-Gigabit Web Smart Switch fully complies with IEEE 802.3/802.3u/802.3ab/802.3z Ethernet standards. It provides 16 10/100/1000Mbps UTP/STP RJ45 ports with auto-MDI/MDIX and 2 SFP shared expansion slots supporting MiniGBIC modules. It also provides Web-based management functions including the system, port network, VLAN, trunk, priority and security etc. Its standard 19-inch rack-mountable steel case and intelligent management makes it is suitable for small, middle and large networks.
D7508725	The TL-SG3109 pure-gigabit managed switch fully complies with IEEE 802.3/802.3u/802.3ab/802.3z Ethernet standards. It provides 8 10/100/1000Mbps UTP/STP RJ45 ports with auto-MDI/MDIX and 1 SFP independence expansion slots supporting MiniGBIC modules. It also provides powerful management functions, including the system, port, network, and Spanning Tree protocol, IEEE 802.1 X protocol, VLAN, trunk, IGMP snooping, SNMP protocol, priority and security.The TL-SG3109 switch provides multiple management methods: SNMP, Web and Telnet/console. Its standard 19-inch rack-mountable steel case and intelligent management make it suitable for small, middle and large networks.
D7509424	The Samsung Super-WriteMaster SN-S082H offers you slim and light design specially made for use in notebook. The Defect Management function enables the user to save and read safely.
D7509430	You'll get more speed, more performance and more features all in a sleek design that fits anywhere. Despite its small size, this mono laser printer prints quickly at 22ppm. It also features a 40% toner saver ensuring that your toner lasts for longer. With up to 1200dpi and 150 sheet page capacity this printer delivers performance in its compact design.
D7510095	For mobile phone enthusiasts who frequently exchange large media files between their PC and multimedia phone, the SanDisk Mobile Ultra line of high performance memory cards provides ultra fast and ultra convenient, high-capacity solutions to shorten the time you spend managing your music, videos, photos, and games for your phone.
D7510096	SanDisk Mobile Ultra memory cards supporting fast data transfer speeds provide mobile phone enthusiasts a complete high-performance solution for better management of large numbers of songs, videos, photos, and game files exchanged between the card and PC.
D7510097	For mobile phone enthusiasts who frequently exchange large media files between their PC and multimedia phone, the SanDisk Mobile Ultra line of high performance memory cards provides ultra fast and ultra convenient, high-capacity solutions to shorten the time you spend managing your music, videos, photos, and games for your phone.
D7512766	PRODUCT FEATURES:Blu-ray Disc and HD Dvd-rom drive6x BD-R read speed3x HD DVD read speed16x DVD write speedLightScribe
D7520018	Marketing description is not available.
D7521650	Marketing description is not available.
D7521663	The Samsung print cartridge is specially designed to assure optimal print quality with sharp, dark output from first print to last. The easy-to-install cartridge and advanced toner save function key with the printer for cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D7521664	Samsung color laser supplies are designed to maximize the machine performance. Constantly redesigned and improved Samsung supplies provide best performance, reliability and outstanding color printing quality. Its unique design and enhanced technology offers ease-for-use features and smart technology. Semi glossy toner makes it easy to produce brilliant and professional color documents at home. Uniformly pulverized toner produces gloss uniformity, crisp print and consistent high image quality.
D7521665	Samsung color laser supplies are designed to maximize your printer's performance. You'll enjoy top performance, total reliability, and impressive color quality every time you print. Their unique design and advanced technology offer easy-to-use features that make it easy to produce professional results at home or in the office.
D7521666	Samsung color laser supplies are designed to maximize the machine performance. Constantly redesigned and improved Samsung supplies provide best performance, reliability and outstanding color printing quality. Its unique design and enhanced technology offer ease-for-use features and smart technology. Semi glossy toner makes it easy to produce brilliant and professional color documents at home. Uniformly pulverized toner produces gloss uniformity, crisp print and consistent high image quality.
D7521667	The Samsung print cartridge is specially designed to assure optimal print quality with sharp, dark output from first print to last. The easy-to-install cartridge and advanced toner save function key with the printer for cost-effective, reliable operation and sharp, professional results every time.
D7522090	Now it's easy for anyone to enjoy a great cordless keyboard and mouse. The Cordless Desktop EX 100 is affordable, simple to set up, and provides an ideal combination of features that make everyday tasks smoother and more fun. Adjust audio volume, launch your web home page or your calculator with conveniently placed buttons on your spill resistant keyboard. The cordless optical mouse lets you work smoothly and freely on almost any surface, and features a mouse wheel that lets you scroll documents with more control. Your work space will be easier to manage too.
D7522907	Print documents at up to 15% lower cost than laser, using HP Officejet inks. This original HP cartridge delivers user-friendly features including technology that lets you finish printing a critical job even when you're low on a specific ink. Count on HP Officejet ink cartridges for consistent, reliable performance.
D7526840	The Wireless-N Modem Router incorporates an ADSL2+ modem so that users can upgrade their existing DSL equipment and eliminate the need for an external modem.
D7526845	PRODUCT FEATURES:Simple and secure way to share your high-speed Internet connectionPush 'N' Connect securely connects at the touch of a buttonWireless-N technology delivers exceptional range and speedEasy setup with Smart Wizard Installation CDPush 'N' Connect using Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) allows you to add computers to the network quickly and securelyAutomatically checks and upgrades to latest software for optimal performanceInternal antennas deliver maximum performance and rangeConvenient on / off switch helps save energy when not in useEnergy Star-compliant efficient power supplyPackaging manufactured with at least 80% recycled materials
D7526935	The ASRock K10N780SLIX3-WiFi motherboard is a reliable motherboard produced under ASRock's consistently stringent quality control. It delivers excellent performance with robust design conforming to ASRock's commitment to quality and endurance.
D7527204	PRODUCT FEATURES:The interlaced fins maximizes the dissipation surface to provide superior cooling performanceUnique "X" design creates lower back pressure to make air pass through heatsink quickly and guide more air pass through the heatsinkMirror-coated copper base and 6 heat pipes ensure 100% contact with the processor to maximize the heat conduction and it could draw heat from CPU to the heat pipes immediatelyOptimum fin space allows air pass through heatsink quickly
D7527285	Combining trustworthy performance, essential features and affordability, the Asus V3-M2NC61P is a simple and high-performance PC built with recognized quality and the latest technology that is ideal for budget conscious users and everyday applications.
D7527291	The M3N WS is the ideal foundation for a powerful PC. It delivers awesome power, dependable performance and unparallel multiple /O scalability for the most demanding tasks and future upgrades. The M3N WS intelligently reduces operation noise and dissipates heat through advanced and environmentally friendly methods to accommodate user needs. Don't change yourself for a computer. Instead, let M3N WS improve the quality of your work and life.
D7527292	In order to cater to users who require a high-performance motherboard that still saves energy, ASUS, worldwide leader in motherboard production, has released the ASUS P5N72-T Premium motherboard. Equipped with the ASUS exclusive EPU technology for astounding energy savings, this high performance motherboard supports enhanced specifications of the front side bus and memory - able to reach an FSB of 1600MHz (O.C.) (originally 1333MHz) and 1200MHz(O.C.) for memory (originally 1066MHz). It is also able to provide amazing graphical performances with the NVIDIA 3-Way SLI support; and includes the ROG SupremeFX II audio card for realistic and exceptional sound effects - making playing games more engaging.
D7527299	PRODUCT FEATURES:ASUS Exclusive Glaciator FansinkASUS Splendid: watching movies on PC is as good as on Top-of-the-line consumer televisionASUS Gamer OSD: real-time overclocking, benchmarking and video capturing in any PC game!ASUS Smart Doctor: your intelligent hardware protection and overclocking toolFull Microsoft DirectX 10 SupportHDCP compliantNVIDIA SLI TechnologyDual Dual-link DVI SupportResolutions up to 2560x1600
D7527516	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7528819	Enjoy Blu-ray Disc movies and look forward to visual experiences in a completely dimension. The BR-5100S Blu-ray Disc ROM internal drive with S-ATA interface makes it possible. This versatile device allows you to play back BD, DVD and CD formats.
D7529227	Toner performance is optimized for Samsung printer. It ensures a uniform print quality. Easy to maintain and manage. Monitoring supplies technology notifies customers when toner is low or needs to be replaced.
D7529228	Using genuine Samsung supplies for all your printing needs and you will be guaranteed the best quality, reliability and performance without sacrificing the useful life of your printer. Samsung devotes significant resources to the development of printer supplies to ensure that this doesn't happen.
D7529229	You'll get better performance and more features all in a sleek design that can fit anyplace. With SAMSUNG ML-1640 you will be inspired to create big and produce more.Embedded configuration allows you to save up to 30%of toner, while still producing high quality prints, so you will replace your cartridges less frequently.Printing options let you save paper by printing 2-up,4-up, even up to 16-up on one page.Installation is in 4 easy steps and no reboot is needed after installation.
D7529257	With superb color laser quality, the CLP-310 printer series produces picture perfect results, with the crisp, sharp finish of laser. A compact design and quiet operation makes this series perfect for a small office with limited space, without compromising on functionality.The CLP-310 printer series includes some of the smallest color laser devices of their kind on the market. This quality laser printer will complement any small office space, while its small footprint gives users more desk space and a clutter-free environment. For whisper-quiet operation, this series features Samsung's exclusive no-noise (technology, ensuring noise levels at 46 decibels (equivalent to a library) - ideal for a printer that can sit on a desk and not disturb those working close by.Color laser technology powers the CLP-310 series to deliver premium quality prints in color or black and white. The CLP-310 is an ideal partner for those with a smaller budget but who need to rely on their printer to deliver high quality prints.
D7529258	With superb color laser quality, the CLP-310N printer series produces picture perfect results, with the crisp, sharp finish of laser. A compact design and quiet operation makes this series perfect for a small office with limited space, without compromising on functionality.The CLP-310N printer series includes some of the smallest color laser devices of their kind on the market. This quality laser printer will complement any small office space, while its small footprint gives users more desk space and a clutter-free environment. For whisper-quiet operation, this series features Samsung's exclusive no-noise (technology, ensuring noise levels at 46 decibels (equivalent to a library) - ideal for a printer that can sit on a desk and not disturb those working close by.Color laser technology powers the CLP-310N series to deliver premium quality prints in color or black and white. The CLP-310N is an ideal partner for those with a smaller budget but who need to rely on their printer to deliver high quality prints.
D7529259	Vibrant, professional color is now within your reach. The compact CLP-315 printer can fit comfortably on a corner of your home office desk or bookcase. It features a rich, piano-black control panel and delivers dynamite color at 4 ppm and sharp laser text at 16ppm.
D7529262	Imagine how you could extend your business potential and performance to the next level with SAMSUNG's color laser multifunction printer. The CLX-6200ND is a truly comprehensive performer full of advanced features and time-saving functions. With SAMSUNG color MFP solutions in your business, everything will seem easier to perform and operate more efficiently. Reach out and explore the possibilities.
D7529465	Marketing description is not available.
D7530191	Seagate has a proven track record of consistently delivering reliable products in volume, and the new Barracuda 7200.11 family is no exception. Designed with up to four platters and the only second-generation perpendicular recording technology in the industry, the Barracuda 7200.11 drive offers the ideal balance of world-class technology and value, providing customers with an optimal overall solution.
D7531409	With its fun design and handy integrated storage solution, the SELPHY CP770 offers a great way to make lab-quality photo prints wherever you choose - and it's easy enough for all the family to use.
D7531414	With the compact SELPHY CP760, you can print amazing photos with ease from your kitchen, living room, a friend's house, even a hotel room on vacation - all without a computer! Just insert your camera's memory card into one of the built-in card slots, preview and auto-enhance images on the 2.5" TFT display, then print! The big buttons, large display, and automatic red-eye correction make it simple to create superb prints. And it's fast, too; a beautiful, long-lasting 4" x 6" photo takes less than a minute to print.
D7531604	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7531606	Windows Vista Business is the first Windows operating system designed specifically to meet the needs of small businesses. You'll empower your entire business to work more efficiently with a stunning and improved, simple-to-use interface that makes it easier to search and find the information you need quickly and easily, both on your PCs and on the web. With powerful new safety features, you're in control and can better protect the key information that is the life of your business and that builds the trust of your customers.And, for the growing business that always seems to be on the go, the mobile computing enhancements make it easier to stay connected to the rhythm of your business, both in and out of the office. Windows Vista Business makes all of this work for you while helping you spend less time on technology support-related issues - so you can spend more time making your business successful. Windows Vista Business simply makes it easier to manage how your employees connect to your network and to ensure that they get more out of their PCs, both in and out of the office. Be future-ready and lay the IT foundation that your business needs for today and tomorrow.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7531875	PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports FSB 533/800/1066/1333 MHz and upSupports EIST technologySupports Intel Hyper-Threading (HT) technologySupports dual channel DDR2 533/667/800/1333+, using four 240-pin/1.8V DDR2 DIMMsSupports the memory size up to 8GB
D7531896	MSI P45 Diamond is the best representative product in the effectiveness and the features of all work of MSI's R&D. P45 Diamond mainboard is also equipped with the server-class DrMOS chip, Circu-pipe liquid water cooling system and many unique overclocking features on innovation technologies, it is both energy saving and the most outstanding mainboard product.
D7531897	The MSI P45 series mainboard comes with several unique technologies. It offers a perfect combination of ECO-friendly features and overclocking performance. The P45 series mainboard not only provides superior energy efficiency and low temperature operation, but also offers high computing power and performance.
D7531899	The MSI P45 series mainboard comes with several unique technologies. It offers a perfect combination of ECO-friendly features and overclocking performance. The P45 series mainboard not only provides superior energy efficiency and low temperature operation, but also offers high computing power and performance.
D7531900	PRODUCT FEATURES:ATI CrossFire readyThe ultimate multi-GPU performance gaming platformProvides 2.7x faster performance than single graphic card solutionWith Multi-phase PWM IC, reduces noise and expands the lifespan and stabilityFunctions designed with button to be easy useHelps power-users tweak process in-chasis environmentOnboard SATA ports are stacked on the mainboard to avoid mechanical issue with giant graphic cards like 8800 UltraKey components status hardware monitorMonitors the Dual Core CPU each unit statusOptimizes system status defineAuto speed up with system loading changeSupports Intel Core 2 Extreme/Core 2 Quad/Core 2 Duo based processors in LGA775 packageSupports Intel Yorkfield, Wolfdale in the LGA775 packageThe mainboard BIOS provides "Plug & Play" BIOS to detect the peripheral devices and expansion cards of the board automaticallyThe mainboard provides a Desktop Management Interface (DMI) function to record your mainboard specifications
D7531901	PRODUCT FEATURES:12 in(L) x 9.6 in(W) ATX4 DIMMs with DDR2 1066+ up to 16GB1 Gen2. PCI-E 16X, 1 PCI-E 1X, 4 PCI12USB ports7.1 channel audioGb LANRAID (0, 1, 5 and 10)SATA2, eSATA, ATA133MSI Live UpdateMSI Dual CoreCellMSI Dual CoreCenter
D7531902	The MSI P45 series mainboard comes with several unique technologies. It offers a perfect combination of ECO-friendly features and overclocking performance. The P45 series mainboard not only provides superior energy efficiency and low temperature operation, but also offers high computing power and performance.
D7531903	PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports Intel Core 2 Extreme/Core 2 Quad/Core 2 Duo based processors in LGA775 packageSupports Intel Yorkfield, Wolfdale in the LGA775 packageIntel P43 chipsetIntel ICH10 chipsetUltra DMA 66/100/133 IDE controller integrated in JMicron 368SATAII controller integrated in ICH10 chipestIEEE1394 / FireWireInternal I/O connectorsBack panel I/O ports
D7531904	Marketing description is not available.
D7531905	PRODUCT FEATURES:Key components status hardware monitorMonitors the Dual Core CPU each unit statusOptimizes system status defineAuto speed up with system loading changeThe MSI Live Update online automatically downloads and updates the BIOS and driverAMD Cool'n'Quiet technology brings fresh air to hot-fighting desktop platform and automatically adjusts processor ratio to throttle CPU speed with four modesSupports socket AM2 for AMD Athlon 64 / Athlon 64X2 CPUSupports socket AM2+ for AMD Phenom CPUFlexible integrated 8-channel audio with jack sensingRealtek PCI-E GbLAN controller 8211BLIntegrated Fast Ethernet MAC and PHY in single chipSupports 10/100/1000 Mb/s
D7531906	The MSI K9A2VM series is based on ATI's Radeon HD3200/3100 IGP (integrated graphics processor) with DirectX10 support. This integrated graphics provide a realistic image that is suitable for the latest games titles without the need for a discrete graphics card. MSI delivers DVI or HDMI and a VGA ports on this motherboard. With the full 1080p high definition support your movies or games will look stunning on a LCD-screen connected with HDMI.The MSI K9A2VM motherboard series also features the latest PCI-Express 2.0 bus technology and deliver high performance support for AMD's Hybrid CrossFireX technology. With this technology users can combine the onboard ATI Radeon HD3200/3100 IGP with a MSI graphic card based on ATI chipset. This creates an extra performance boost. Besides this, when the MSI graphic card is not being used in the 3D mode it can be powered off and switched to the onboard AIT Radeon IPG. This provides a silent, low power PC solution.
D7531908	The K9A2VM mainboard series utilizes AMD's 780V chipset which provides Full HD, best-in-class 3D graphics performance, enhanced scalability, and "rock-solid stability" for mainstream gaming, multimedia and commercial PC systems. The K9A2VM mainboard series is based on the micro-ATX form factor. It supports 7.1-channel format of audio for your listening pleasure.
D7533025	PRODUCT FEATURES:Optimized design for both liquid cooling and air cooling systemSliding hood with toolbox on top (upgradeable to LCS)Tool-free design for 5.25" device and PCI slotIndependent thermal management for CPU, VGA and HDDCable management system for better cable routing and internal air flowMicro ATX, ATX supported
D7533026	PRODUCT FEATURES:Optimized design for both liquid cooling and air cooling systemSliding hood with toolbox on topTool-free design for 5.25'' device and PCI slotIndependent thermal management for CPU, VGA and HDDCable management system for better cable routing and internal air flowMicro ATX, ATX supported
D7533027	PRODUCT FEATURES:Optimized design for both liquid cooling and air cooling systemTool-free design for 5.25" device and PCI slotIndependent thermal management for CPU, VGA & HDDCable management system for better cable routing and internal air flowMicro ATX, ATX supported
D7533028	Optimized design for both liquid cooling and air cooling systemTool-free design for 5.25" device and PCI slotIndependent thermal management for CPU, VGA & HDDCable management system for better cable routing and internal air flowMicro ATX, ATX supported
D7533029	PRODUCT FEATURES:Optimized design for both liquid cooling and air cooling systemTool-free design for 5.25" device and PCI slotIndependent thermal management for CPU, VGA & HDDCable management system for better cable routing and internal air flowMicro ATX, ATX supported
D7533030	PRODUCT FEATURES:Optimized design for both liquid cooling and air cooling systemTool-free design for 5.25" device and PCI slotIndependent thermal management for CPU, VGA & HDDCable management system for better cable routing and internal air flowMicro ATX, ATX supported
D7534419	Supports standard 2.5" and 3.5" SATA HDDsSimple and easy to install and use HDDsPatented design for mounting and departing HDDsPower (red) and access (blue) LED indicator
D7534421	The DIGITUS Slim Line wall mount cabinets are ideal housings for active and passive 19" components. The installation is easy and saves time. The elegant design fits into every modern office or home.
D7535035	Creative's HS-390 Headset offers users a great way to join the internet telephony revolution. Skype certified, its lightweight design, with slim neckband and cushioned ear pads, provides a comfortable fit even during long internet phone calls. As well as crystal-clear audio for incoming calls, it ensures top-quality results for the speaker's voice thanks to the adjustable, noise-canceling microphone, which eliminates background noise. The HS-390 headset has gold-plated plugs for high-quality audio connectivity and a handy volume control with microphone mute switch. Internet conversations couldn't be easier! Just plug it in and start chatting!
D7535039	Most small chassis users find it difficult to buy a suitable cooler replacement that fits the size of their PC case. Freezer 7 LP, a cutting edge Intel CPU cooler especially designed for media center users to fulfill their needs.
D7535041	Designed based on the acclaimed Accelero Xtreme 8800, the Accelero Xtreme 9800 is an even more powerful cooling solution for enthusiasts. In addition to the outstanding cooling performance, using the Accelero Xtreme 9800 will also bring gamers a better overclocking experience and an extended service life of the graphics card.Same as other Arctic Cooling products, the Accelero Xtreme 9800 not only excels in cooling, it also offers excellent noise management. Its three 80mm PWM fans are made by low noise impellers and are installed in a unique fan holder in order to eliminate any buzzing sounds. The efficient noise control design enables the Accelero XTREME 9800 to minimize the noise level to 0.7-sone.
D7535042	A dual-fan VGA cooler Accelero TWIN TURBO, adding a multi-compatible high performance merchandise into their reputable VGA cooler product line. With 26°C temperature reduction and 0.6 sone noise level, the Accelero Twin Turbo is an ideal VGA cooler for enthusiasts to boost overclocking potential to a new horizon.
D7536424	Step up to color with the superior CLP-350N color laser printer. This sleek and compact laser will fit in small, yet professional small business environments, delivering fast, high quality color printouts. Features like its high toner yield and PostScript3/PCL6 emulation support will also fit your business needs enabling you to produce high volume color printouts, publications and documents that enhance your professional image. The CLP-350N is network ready, allowing you to print from any computer.The CLP-350N gives you a choice of printing emulation as a standard feature. In fact, it is the smallest color laser to support both PostScript3 and PCL6 emulations. The compact size of this color laser won't limit your options or compromise print quality.Even small businesses need efficient printing solutions. Sharing a color laser printer is even more efficient with the standard network ready feature. Now print fast color documents from any PC and keep your business connected.This powerful compact color laser with its modern style was designed to fit into professional workspaces. Now even small professional businesses and home offices can upgrade to color and enhance the impact of their printouts. At 390 x 420 x 270 mm (15.4" x 16.5" x 10.6") this color laser will fit on a desk or a shared workspace, and its brilliant design will add a touch of style.It's a colorful world and businesses need brilliant color to represent the value of their business. The CLP-350N compact color laser delivers full-color quality output that's just right for your business presentations, posters, and documents. With 2,400 x 600 dpi resolution and genuine Samsung printing supplies, the color quality will impress you and your customers.Your office prints all kinds of documents. Some jobs are small while others are large. They can add up over the course of a day, and you don't want to waste time reloading paper every time the cassette runs out. The CLP-350N is made to reduce the time you spend handling paper. It has the capacity your office needs, and the 250-sheet optional second cassette tray can extend the time between refills even further.Nothing slows down a productive day faster than having to spend valuable time changing toner. But with toner yields of 4,000 pages (2,000 for color printing) you'll be amazed at the fast, high-quality printouts. When it finally comes time to change toner, it is quick and simple with Samsung's unique toner design. The mini cartridges make changing toner so simple. With a simple twist and lock action, the toner can easily be changed."Silent" is not a word that describes most printers. The CLP-350N, however, introduces NO-NOIS Technology, an engineering breakthrough that minimizes noise to the lowest possible level. No more work interruptions or frayed nerves because of high printer noise around your office.
D7539381	The Dark Power Pro offers sufficient performance for all high-end PCs and sets standards with respect to noise levels, quality, economic efficiency and voltage stability.
D7539382	The Dark Power Pro offers sufficient performance for all high-end PCs and sets standards with respect to noise levels, quality, economic efficiency and voltage stability.
D7539666	PRODUCT FEATURES:Hyper-fast scrollingClick-to-click scrollingSide-to-side scrolling plus zoomScroll toggleLaser precisionAmbidextrous shape
D7539678	The Dominator Series TW3X4G1800C8DF is a 4096MByte kit of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's latest high performance heat sink with Dual-path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology coupled with a Corsair airflow fan. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR3-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in popular DDR3 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1800MHz at latencies of 8-8-8-24 at 1.8V VDIMM.
D7539681	The Corsair Flash Voyager family of USB drives is rugged, stylish, compact, and reliable, making them ideal for transporting MP3s, digital images, presentations and more.The ultra portable Flash Voyager Mini packs a lot of features in its small package. The Flash Voyager Mini utilizes a cap-less retractable connector plug which easily opens with the flick of the thumb. The ergonomic rubberized housing makes it easy to connect and disconnect from any computer. Utilizing an all-rubber housing, the Voyager Mini is water-resistant and shock proof, allowing users to carry their value data and applications without compromise.The Corsair Flash Voyager Mini is the perfect flash drive for users with busy and active lifestyles. Utilizing the Chip-on-Board technology the Flash Voyager Mini is the perfect synergy of size, looks and function.
D7555228	Increase your performance with the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core processor. Work or play with multiple programs without any stalling or waiting. Dual-core technology is like having two processors, and two working together is better and faster than one working alone.
D7568117	The TL-WN821N Wireless N USB Adapter complies with IEEE 802.11n (Draft 2.0), IEEE 802.11g, and IEEE 802.11b standards. Wireless transmission rates can reach up to 300Mbps. The adapter employs MIMO technology and has internal Intelligent Antennas providing even better wireless performance, transmission rates, stability and coverage. At the same time, CCA technology automatically avoids channel conflicts using its channel selection feature. This product supports 64/128/152-bit WEP encryptions, as well as WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK encryptions and mechanisms in addition to the adapter's QSS (Quick Secure Setup) feature, allowing users to quickly and easily setup wireless security. This product can also simultaneously operate bandwidth intensive applications such as voice, and video. Applications using a lot of bandwidth that are sensitive to interruptions such as voice and video applications are given priority in order to assure quality. It also works well with other 11g and 11n protocol wireless products.
D7568118	The TL-WN910N Wireless N Cardbus Adapter complies with IEEE 802.11n (Draft 2.0), IEEE 802.11g and IEEE 802.11b standards. Wireless transmission rates can reach up to 300Mbps. The cardbus adapter adopts 2 3 MIMO technologies, internal Intelligent Antennas providing even better wireless performance, transmission rates, stability and coverage. At the same time, CCA technology automatically avoids channel conflicts using its channel selection feature. This product supports 64/128/152-bit WEP encryptions, as well as WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK encryptions and mechanisms in addition to the adapter's QSS (Quick Secure Setup) feature, allowing users to quickly and easily setup wireless security. This product can also simultaneously operate bandwidth intensive applications such as voice, and video. Applications using a lot of bandwidth that are sensitive to interruptions such as voice and video applications are given priority in order to assure quality. It also works well with other 11g and 11n protocol wireless products.
D7568119	TL-WN951N Wireless N PCI Adapter complies with IEEE 802.11n (Draft 2.0), IEEE 802.11g, and IEEE 802.11b standards. Wireless transmission rates can reach up to 300Mbps. The PCI Card adopts MIMO as well as SST technologies, has three external detachable omni directional antennas providing even better wireless performance, transmission rates, stability and coverage. At the same time, CCA technology automatically avoids channel conflicts using its channel selection feature. This product supports 64/128/152-bit WEP encryptions, as well as WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK encryptions and mechanisms in addition to the adapter's QSS (Quick Secure Setup) feature, allowing users to quickly and easily configure wireless security. This product can also simultaneously operate bandwidth intensive applications such as voice, and video. Applications using a lot of bandwidth that are sensitive to interruptions such as voice and video applications are given priority in order to assure quality. It also works well with other 11g and 11n protocol wireless products.
D7568380	To cater to users who require a high performance motherboard solution that also encompasses effective power savings and a friendly operating environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5Q series. This energy-conserving series of motherboards provide great performance; and is based on the Intel P45 chipset - which supports the latest Intel CPU and memory technology. The P5Q Series also furthers the eco-friendly cause with the exclusive ASUS EPU, which provides 80.23% CPU power savings and 96% enhanced power efficiency - allowing users to help save the Earth every time they switch on their PCs!
D7568381	To cater to users who require a high performance motherboard solution that also encompasses effective power savings and a friendly operating environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5Q series. This energy-conserving series of motherboards provide great performance; and is based on the Intel P45 chipset - which supports the latest Intel CPU and memory technology. The P5Q Series also furthers the eco-friendly cause with the exclusive ASUS EPU, which provides 80.23% CPU power savings and 96% enhanced power efficiency - allowing users to help save the Earth every time they switch on their PCs!
D7568382	To cater to users who require a high performance motherboard solution that also encompasses effective power savings and a friendly operating environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5Q series. This energy-conserving series of motherboards provide great performance; and is based on the Intel P45 chipset - which supports the latest Intel CPU and memory technology. The P5Q Series also furthers the eco-friendly cause with the exclusive ASUS EPU, which provides 80.23% CPU power savings and 96% enhanced power efficiency - allowing users to help save the Earth every time they switch on their PCs!
D7568383	To cater to users who require a high performance motherboard solution that also encompasses effective power savings and a friendly operating environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5Q series. This energy-conserving series of motherboards provide great performance; and is based on the Intel P45 chipset - which supports the latest Intel CPU and memory technology. The P5Q Series also furthers the eco-friendly cause with the exclusive ASUS EPU, which provides 80.23% CPU power savings and 96% enhanced power efficiency - allowing users to help save the Earth every time they switch on their PCs!
D7568384	To cater to users who require a high performance motherboard solution that also encompasses effective power savings and a friendly operating environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5Q series. This energy-conserving series of motherboards provide great performance; and is based on the Intel P45 chipset - which supports the latest Intel CPU and memory technology. The P5Q Series also furthers the eco-friendly cause with the exclusive ASUS EPU, which provides 80.23% CPU power savings and 96% enhanced power efficiency - allowing users to help save the Earth every time they switch on their PCs!
D7568480	Samsung color laser supplies are designed to maximize the machine performance. Constantly redesigned and improved Samsung supplies provide best performance, reliability and outstanding color printing quality. Its unique design and enhanced technology offers ease-for-use features and smart technology. Semi glossy toner makes it easy to produce brilliant and professional color documents at home. Uniformly pulverized toner produces gloss uniformity, crisp print and consistent high image quality.
D7568484	The SCX-4200 digital productivity center is perfect for the home, home office or school assignments. True 3-in-1 multifunction capability in laser printing costs significantly less than inkjet.With Samsung SCX-4200, you no linger needs to go through the hassle of managing paper jam. When paper is jammed, all you need to do is to open and close the cover of the printer and all your paper jam will automatically be taken care of by the printer!With small dimensions, the SCX-4200 fits easily on a small corner of your desk, working steadily as you work.The SCX4200 scans both side of your ID and prints onto one page. This saves you the hassle of figuring out which side to reload your paper and place your ID using conventional method.The SCX-4200, with its 1-piece toner and drum cartridge, yields up to 3,000 pages per toner change. It can work longer without stopping.
D7568490	Reach out and explore the possibilities! The CLX-6210FX series is designed to fit the way your business works. There are a variety of advanced features, and simplified connectivity to match your needs.
D7569256	Using the liquid nitrogen to cool down to extremely low temperature, the P7N2 Diamond proves MSI mainboard's advanced thermal design and high-quality material that ensure maximum stability and performance. The MSI P7N2 Diamond is an ultimate platform which is equipped with the unique Circu-Pipe design which dissipates heat more effectively. Moreover, the P7N2 Diamond utilizes Hi-c capacitors that will guarantee the mainboard to ensure maximum stability and performance.
D7574137	PRODUCT FEATURES:Suitable for Acer systems with screen sizes from 16"-18.4"Closed cell foam protectionMade from high quality nylon for maximum durabilityFront zippered workstation pocket for storage of pens, wallet, phone/PDA or other itemsExternal side pockets for access to items on the goPadded rear panel with stitching and trolley strap for easy use when traveling
D7576936	Samsung Mono Laser consumable offers a great print quality and an affordable price. With SCX-P6320A twin pack, you can enjoy a valuable discount price and convenience of getting high capacity of toner at one time. The users are cordially invited for Samsung's best printing solutions.
D7603680	AVM is presenting a FRITZ!Box model at Cebit. With the FRITZ!Box WLAN 3270, users are ideally equipped for all broadband applications and can make the best use of their DSL line. With its WLAN N router and integrated DSL modem, the device connects computers and other network devices to the Internet quickly and securely. But the FRITZ!Box offers more than that: for example, the USB 2.0 port allows USB devices such as printers and hard disks to be used conveniently across the whole network. The integrated media server lets you listen to music over your entire network even when your PC is switched off. The VPN (Virtual Private Network) function enables secure remote access to the network.With the FRITZ!Box WLAN 3270, AVM is laying the foundation for the optimum use of DSL lines with high data transfer rates. This makes the FRITZ!Box ideally suited to any kind of broadband application. Whether you are surfing, media streaming or watching video-on-demand or IPTV, the FRITZ!Box WLAN 3270 is the central data hub which enables you to get the best out of your DSL connection. As a WLAN N router with integrated DSL modem, the device offers multiple networking options. Computers and other network-enabled devices can obtain a fast and secure connection to the Internet via WLAN and 4 LAN ports. VPN can also be used to link physically separate networks and users together. The USB 2.0 port allows USB devices to be used across the whole network.
D7604127	PRODUCT FEATURES:SATA to USB interfaceCompliant with serial ATA II electrical specification 1.0Connects to 2.5" and 3.5" SATA-II, SATA hard driveCompliant with USB mass storage classSupports USB 2.0 and USB 1.1Maximum transfer rate up to 480 mbpsPlug and play without rebootingHot-swap capability for rapid multi HDDs access and exchangeCompatible with notebooks and PCsLED for activity and power
D7604288	Windows Vista Home Basic is the edition of Windows for basic home computing needs. If you only want to use your PC for tasks like browsing the Internet, using e-mail, or viewing photos, then Windows Vista Home Basic may be the right edition for you. While it won't provide as many benefits as Windows Vista Home Premium, it will help you use your PC more easily and more safely than you could with Windows XP.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7604289	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D7604340	PRODUCT FEATURES:19" widescreen active matrix TFT displayX-celerate technology (overdrive)VESA standard mounting points
D7605310	Chosen by professional gamers, the PCI Express Sound Blaster X-Fi Titanium Fatal1ty Professional Series sound card delivers the ultimate PC gaming audio experience. You'll hear realistic EAX 5 sound effects and 3D positional audio that's so accurate you can locate opponents by sound - even over headphones. Plus, get unbeatable performance in your games with hardware accelerated audio and X-RAM.
D7605311	Why settle for basic, built-in sound? Your music and movies deserve Xtreme Fidelity. Simply connect the Sound Blaster X-Fi Surround 5.1 sound card to your PC or notebook and turn your downloaded music into your own personal concert. Watch DVDs or downloaded videos with full cinematic surround sound. Plus experience 3D audio and EAX effects in your games.Restore the details and vibrancy your music and movies lost during compression. X-Fi technology intelligently enhances the highs and lows so you'll hear it all - crisp cymbal crashes, wailing guitar solos, screeching tires and booming explosions.Expand your stereo music and movies into surround sound. Voices are centered in front of you. Ambient sound appears all around you... just like a live performance. Listen on a pair of desktop speakers or a full 5.1 speaker system.Slip on your headphones and X-Fi CMSS-3D technology moves the sound away from your ears and into the space around you. You'll feel like you're sitting with your favorite band or in the best seat in the movie theater. Games sound better too with positional audio that's so accurate you can locate enemies by sound.
D7605312	Improve the quality of sound from your notebook and turn your portable computer into an entertainment center. Sound Blaster X-Fi Notebook restores the detail to compressed music like iTunes or Internet radio making your audio more vibrant. Plug in your stereo headphones and you'll enjoy incredible, immersive headphone surround like multichannel speakers, in Dolby and DTS movies. And, with EAX effects, you'll experience realistic 3D environmental sounds that will bring your games to life.Sound Blaster X-Fi Notebook also frees your notebook from being tied to your speakers with the addition of Creative wireless receivers. Now you can be sitting on your couch and wirelessly stream your favorite tunes across the room or to any room in the home. Creative wireless receivers are easy to set up and produce the same high-quality Xtreme Fidelity audio through any set of speakers.
D7605313	Capture life's entertaining moments on video and share them online with Vado, the slim, lightweight video cam that fits in your pocket. Simple to use, just point Vado and press record for great looking video. Sharing videos online is easy too. Just connect Vado to your computer and built-in software helps you post directly to YouTube or PhotoBucket in a snap.
D7605314	Capture life's entertaining moments on video and share them online with Vado, the slim, lightweight video cam that fits in your pocket. Simple to use, just point Vado and press record for great looking video. Sharing videos online is easy too. Just connect Vado to your computer and built-in software helps you post directly to YouTube or PhotoBucket in a snap.
D7605315	Recharge your removable Vado battery without the need for a PC. Keep a spare battery charged so you're always ready for another 2 hours of recording and playback.
D7605316	Connect your Vado Pocket Video camera to your home entertainment system to watch videos on the big screen. Simply plug the standard RCA connectors into your TV or stereo.
D7605317	See it, shoot it, and share it - all in an instant.Capture life's entertaining moments on video and share them online with Vado Pocket Video Cam, the slim, lightweight video camera that fits in your pocket. Simple to use, just point Vado and press record for great looking video. Sharing videos online is easy too. Just connect Vado to your computer. Watch the demonstration to see how easy it is to capture life.
D7605318	See it, shoot it, and share it - all in an instant.Capture life's entertaining moments on video and share them online with Vado Pocket Video Cam, the slim, lightweight video camera that fits in your pocket. Simple to use, just point Vado and press record for great looking video. Sharing videos online is easy too. Just connect Vado to your computer. Watch the demonstration to see how easy it is to capture life.
D7605319	Marketing description is not available.
D7605320	Marketing description is not available.
D7605321	Chosen by professional gamers, the Sound Blaster X-Fi Titanium Fatal1ty Champion Series sound card delivers the ultimate PC gaming audio experience. You'll hear realistic EAX 5 sound effects and 3D positional audio so accurate you can locate opponents by mere sound - even over normal headphones. Plus, get unbeatable performance in your games with hardware accelerated audio and X-RAM.
D7605547	Marketing description is not available.
D7606210	Marketing description is not available.
D7606764	Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 is a totally new approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7606766	Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 is a totally new approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7606768	Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 is a totally new approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7606770	Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 is a totally new approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7606772	Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 is a totally new approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7606773	Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2009 is a totally approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application now includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7606775	Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2009 is a totally approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application now includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7607799	Acer EasyPort IV is the perfect cable management solution for your Acer Notebook. As a perfect desk companion, it frees you from the hassle of connecting all types of cables to your notebook, replacing it with one single cable. Thanks to the Plug&Play feature you can instantly enjoy the advantages of the Acer EasyPort IV: one connection to all your desk equipment, without having to reboot your notebook.
D7608641	PRODUCT FEATURES:120 Watt universal notebook power adapter to use as replacement or secondary power adapter at home/officeEquipped with 11 different notebook tips and 12 step selectable power output to assure compatibility with major notebook brandsHigh efficient energy saving design for lower energy costProtected against overload, short circuit and overheatingAlso suitable for 12V LCD TV or portable hard disk driveIncluding carry bag to store connectors
D7608643	PRODUCT FEATURES:Compact 120 watt universal notebook power adapter for use in carWorks with a car cigarette lighter socketEquipped with 11 different notebook tips and 12 step selectable power output to assure compatibility with major notebook brandsSwitchable
D7609091	Based on the Intel P45 chipset, GA-EP45-DQ6 delivers a record setting 1600MHz front side bus for the latest Intel Core 2 multi-core processors, including 45nm CPUs. With supporting dual channel DDR2 up to 1200MHz, GA-EP45-DQ6 motherboard provides the highest levels of performance and maximum overclocking potential. In additional, GA-EP45-DQ6 is further equipped to support ATI CrossFireX technology with dual PCI Express 2.0 x8 interfaces, delivering double the PCI Express bandwidth of 5Gbit/s for the ultimate in extreme gaming performance. GA-EP45-DQ6 delivers several advanced Gigabyte innovations including the DES advanced, ultra durable 2, ultra TPM design which provide optimized power savings, ultra cooling and ultra secure data protection.
D7610105	Based on the Intel P45 chipset, GA-EP45-DS4 delivers a record setting 1600MHz front side bus for the latest Intel Core 2 multi-core processors, including 45nm CPUs. With supporting dual channel DDR2 up to 1200MHz, GA-EP45-DS4 motherboard provides the highest levels of performance and maximum overclocking potential. In additional, GA-EP45-DS4 is further equipped to support ATI CrossFireX technology with dual PCI Express 2.0 x8 interfaces, delivering double the PCI Express bandwidth of 5 Gbit/s for the ultimate in extreme gaming performance. GA-EP45-DS4 delivers several advanced Gigabyte innovations including the DES advanced, ultra durable 2 design which provide optimized power savings, ultra cooling for extreme system performance.
D7610139	Designed for overclocking enthusiasts with overwhelming overclocking experience, Gigabyte GA-EP45-Extreme is based on Intel P45 chipset, and supports the latest multi-core and 45nm processors up to FSB 1600MHz, featuring dual PCI-E 2.0x16 connectivity with CrossFireX supported and dual LAN with teaming for ultra bandwidth.GA-EP45-Extreme is equipped with all-copper heat pipe from North Bridge, South Bridge, to CPU MOSFET which provides comprehensive thermal solution, and can be further optimized by a special heat pipe between North Bridge heat sink and PCI socket on your option. Additionally, enhanced with special design around CPU circuit for maximum heat reducing and top quality electronics components, GA-EP45-Extreme brings unprecedented cool and reliable platform for overclockers.Built with Gigabyte patented Dynamic Energy Saver Advanced technology and Ultra Durable 2 design, GA-EP45-Extreme delivers ultimate overclocking performance along with maximum stability and advanced power savings.GA-EP45-Extreme motherboards paired with Intel 45nm CPUs deliver the very best platform for multitasking, multimedia and high performance gaming.Designed to provide unmatched multi-GPU support with dual PCI Express connectivity, the GA-EP45-Extreme allows users to take advantage of the ultra smooth 3D rendering, blazing-fast frame rates and enhanced visual quality with a dual graphics card solution.
D7610155	Based on the Intel P43 chipset, GA-EP43-DS3 delivers a record setting 1600MHz Front Side Bus by overclocking for the latest Intel Core 2 multi-core processors, including 45nm CPUs. With supporting dual channel DDR2 up to 1200MHz by overclocking, GA-EP43-DS3 motherboard provides the highest levels of performance and maximum overclocking potential. GA-EP43-DS3 delivers several advanced Gigabyte innovations including the DES Advanced, Ultra Durable 2, DualBIOS design which provide optimized power savings, ultra cooling and ultra secure data protection.
D7610258	This toner will provide the best output for your using. It can keep your office moving at the speed of commerce. High capacity, quality results, with Samsung genuine supplies it is not hard to imagine.
D7610646	Show that you care by wrapping your laptop up in a protective skin. The lightweight neoprene skin protects your laptop from scratches and bumps. Its smooth interior and inner lip around the zip closure give a complete shield to your laptop when inside. Simple and clean design can be used on its own or slipped inside another bag.
D7610649	Show that you care by wrapping your laptop up in a protective Skin. The lightweight neoprene Skin protects your laptop from scratches and bumps. Its smooth interior and inner lip around the zip closure give a complete shield to your laptop when inside.The simple and clean design can be used on its own or slipped inside another bag.
D7610650	Show that you care by wrapping your laptop up in a protective Skin. The lightweight neoprene Skin protects your laptop from scratches and bumps. Its smooth interior and inner lip around the zip closure give a complete shield to your laptop when inside.Simple and clean design can be used on its own or slipped inside another bag.
D7611054	Marketing description is not available.
D7611122	The DIGITUS TFT consoles with integrated KVM are a space saving and functional solution for a comfortable connection to several PCs or servers in a rack-mounting area. They combine four devices in one and occupy only 1U in a rack.
D7611124	PRODUCT FEATURES:Bluetooth specification V1.1, 1.2, 2.0, 2.1 + EDRUSB 1.1 interfaceClass 2+, up to more than 100 m distanceUSB bus poweredCommunicates with all standard Bluetooth devices
D7611127	Supports VESA standard dimensionsLCD monitor can be turned by 360º
D7611394	Marketing description is not available.
D7611937	This USB 2.0 DVB-T Receiver is a perfect mobile solution to watch TV everywhere you go. Receive digital and analog television on to your notebook or PC!
D7612983	Marketing description is not available.
D7613844	Marketing description is not available.
D7614566	The Dominator family of memory represents the ultimate in performance technology engineering from Corsair. The Dominator is designed to have the highest performing IC maximum over-clocking capability and efficient DHX cooling - all the while being stable and reliable.
D7617744	Marketing description is not available.
D7617937	Imagine replacing your all-in-one with a printer that's smaller, quieter and is infinitely easier on the eyes. Best of all, it offers professional-quality color. The CLX-3175 features 16ppm black/4ppm color print speed, 2400 x 600dpi effective output, manual duplexing and color faxing. And all of this productivity is housed in an elegantly designed form, finished in an elegant matte black, small, powerful, elegant.
D7618740	Palm-sized, durable and stylish with outstanding performance and capacity, Verbatim Portable Hard Drive offers the ultimate convenient, highly portable data storage solution. Verbatim Hard Drive combines the best features of hard drive designs in one attractive package. Quite simply, the Verbatim Portable Hard Drive provides quality without compromise.
D7618745	The Verbatim 3.5'' external hard drive instantly adds high-performace storage in an attractive design for your PC or Mac. The Verbatim 3.5'' hard drive stores thousands of digital photos, videos, MP3 songs and other electronic files. Powered by a 7200 RPM hard drive, the desktop hard drive races through the most demanding audio/video applications, allowing you to work more and wait less. The 3.5'' hard drive delivers outstanding quality, performance and reliability for both professional and home use.
D7619353	Take your video communications to the next level with a true 1.3-megapixel sensor, RightLight technology, RightSound technology, and Logitech fun filters.
D7619369	The Dominator Series Twin2X4096-8500C5D is 4096MBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair’s high performance heat sink with Dual-path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology coupled with a Corsair Dominator Airflow Fan. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15 at 2.1VDIMM. The Twin2X4096-8500C5D comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the open standard for performance module SPD’s jointly developed by Corsair and NVIDIA. EPP SPD’s on Corsair modules allow users to automatically configure EPP enabled motherboards with aggressive memory performance settings, for maximum memory and system performance.
D7619526	PRODUCT FEATURES:Stackable small form factor chassis for Mini-ITX systemsHigh assembly flexibilityStack and rise transformation for functionality upgrade (ODD, HDD, add-on card)Module design centers on industry standard componentsStandard Mini-ITX motherboard for easy system configurationFriendly front user access (USB x2, card reader)Excellent thermal and EMI solutionBrilliant look and feel designAOpen's MoDT II (Module on Design Technology) architecture productIndustry's first small form factor yet stackable PC
D7619537	The Sapphire HD 4850 1GB is a version of the HD 4850 designed by Sapphire for the user who demands more memory for specific applications like rendering. It offers similar overall performance to the standard model, with clock speeds of 625MHz (core) and 993MHz (memory).
D7623741	PRODUCT FEATURES:AMD64 with direct connect architectureAMD balanced smart cacheAMD wide floating point acceleratorFloating point unit (FPU)HyperTransport technologyIntegrated DDR2 DRAM controller with AMD memory optimizer technologyAMD virtualization (AMD-V) with rapid virtualization indexingAMD Cool'n'Quiet 2.0 technologyAMD CoolCore technologyDual dynamic power management
D7623744	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D7624019	GeForce 9600GT Sonic, the 3D graphics solution for the future, is the world's first graphics card supports DisplayPort, HDMI, dual Dual-Link DVI, and CRT outputs, further extends the possibility of this graphics card. Besides the world's leading outputs design, GeForce 9600GT Sonic with the famous sonic title is pre-overclocked to provide astonishing gaming and home entertaining experience.
D7624629	PRODUCT FEATURES:Chat pack including webcam and a foldable neckband headset for chatting and video conferencingComplete, easy to install package to see and hear each other onlineWebcam equipped with automatic face tracking technology that conveniently follows your movesIdeal for Live Messenger, MSN Messenger, Skype and other messenger servicesUSB webcam with 352 x 288 hardware resolution and VGA pixel snapshot resolutionHeadset with foldable design and inline volume remote controlWebcam with snapshot button to quickly take a pictureThe camera stand can also be used to attach the webcam to the screen of a notebook or desktop PC
D7624937	With Belkin's newly redesigned SOHO KVM, you can share your monitor, keyboard and mouse with two USB computers. You can also connect one set of speakers and use them for all your computers.The SOHO KVM Switch helps to increase your efficiency and productivity at home or in the office by reducing desktop clutter while keeping access to all of your programs and files spread across multiple computers.
D7624938	With Belkin's newly redesigned SOHO KVM, you can share your monitor, keyboard and mouse with up to four USB computers. You can also connect one set of speakers and use them for all your computers.The SOHO KVM Switch helps to increase your efficiency and productivity at home or in the office by reducing desktop clutter while keeping access to all of your programs and files spread across multiple computers.
D7624941	With Belkin's newly redesigned SOHO KVM, you can share your monitor, keyboard and mouse with up to four USB and PS/2 computers. You can also connect one set of speakers and use them for all your computers.The SOHO KVM Switch helps to increase your efficiency and productivity at home or in the office by reducing desktop clutter while keeping access to all of your programs and files spread accross multiple computers.
D7625611	The TL-SG2224WEB Pure-Gigabit Web Smart Switch fully complies with IEEE 802.3/802.3u/802.3ab/802.3z Ethernet standards. It provides 24 10/100/1000Mbps UTP/STP RJ45 ports with auto-MDI/MDIX and 2 SFP shared expansion slots supporting MiniGBIC modules. It also provides Web-based management functions including the system, port network, VLAN, Trunk, Priority and security etc. Its standard 19-inch rack-mountable steel case and intelligent management makes it is suitable for small, middle and large networks.
D7625612	The TL-SM311 series Fiber Module Cards are introduced for extending transfer distance, attached to the managed/web smart switches. They can extend the distance to several kilometers even tens of kilometers which can basically satisfy the distance requirement of LAN. Users can choose whether and which items to use the fiber modules according to the demand in order to lower cost.
D7625613	The TL-SM311 series Fiber Module Cards are introduced for extending transfer distance, attached to the managed/web smart switches. They can extend the distance to several kilometers even tens of kilometers which can basically satisfy the distance requirement of LAN. Users can choose whether and which items to use the fiber modules according to the demand in order to lower cost.
D7625614	Features 130cm extension cable ensuring flexible deployment and better performanceVery easy to install, no software required6dBi directional operation boosts your signal to a further distance in a specific directionRP-SMA male connector
D7625615	What happens when your wireless signal is too weak to connect to an access point in another building and you want to better position your wireless antenna in a higher or wider place to get a better signal?The antenna extension cable is the answer to your problems. There is no need to move your access point or wireless router, which may sometimes be immovable, from place to place. With the several kind of low-loss extension cable, you will have more flexibility to move your antenna in order to maximize your wireless performance.
D7625649	The Seagate LD25.2 Series drive is the ideal combination of capacity and size for leading edge game consoles, low-profile DVRs, and small-footprint computing applications. Providing a lower cost alternative to standard laptop size storage solutions, the LD25.2 Series drive delivers sweet-spot capacities, whisper quiet acoustics, and low power consumption.
D7625844	PRODUCT FEATURES:Support socket AM2 for AMD Athlon 64 / Athlon 64X2 CPUSupport socket AM2+ for AMD Phenom CPUNVIDIA GeForce 8200 (MCP78S) series single chipsetSupports dual DDR2 667/800/1066 (OC)4 DDRII DIMMs (240pin / 1.8V)Supports a maximum memory size up to 8GBOne PCI Express X16 (PCI Express bus SPEC V2.0 compliant)One PCI Express X1 slotTwo PCI slots, support 3.3V/5V PCI bus interfaceOne IDE port by NVIDIA MCP78SSupports Ultra DMA 66/100/133 modeSupports PIO, Bus Master operation modeCan connect up to two IDE devices6 SATA II (1~6) ports by NVIDIA GeForce 8200 seriesSupports storage and data transfers at up to 3Gb/sSATAII 1~6 support RAID 0/1/0+1/5 or JBOD mode by NVIDIA GeForce 8200 seriesChipset integrated by Realtek ALC888Flexible 8-channel audio with jack sensingCompliant with Azalia 1.0 SpecRealtek PCI-E GbLAN controller 8211BLIntegrated Fast Ethernet MAC and PHY in single chipSupport 10/100/1000Mb/sCompliance with PCI-Express Bus specification v1.0a
D7626197	Enjoy Blu-ray Disc movies and look forward to visual experiences in a completely dimension. The BR-5100S Blu-ray Disc ROM internal drive with S-ATA interface makes it possible. This versatile device allows you to play back BD, DVD and CD formats.
D7627217	Marketing description is not available.
D7627218	Marketing description is not available.
D7627595	Compete with Creative Fatal1ty USB Gaming Headset Co-Developed with Johnathan "Fatal1ty" Wendel. Dominate the competition with 3D positional audio and the power of Sound Blaster X-Fi in a USB gaming headset.The Fatal1ty USB Gaming Headset is designed with comfort in mind for those long gaming sessions, while delivering precision sound and explosive bass in your games. Plus, with the noise-canceling microphone you can be sure your orders will be heard loud and clear by your team.Once you experience the advantage of Sound Blaster X-Fi technology in your gaming sound you'll never want to game without it. With realistic audio environments, and accurate 3D positional surround sound you'll be able to locate your targets before you even see them. Experience sound effects so lifelike you'll swear you're in the game. Plus, your voice communication will be crystal clear, so your teammates will no longer restrict you to radio silence. Get the secret weapon that pro gamers rely on, and enjoy the sweet sound of victory with Sound Blaster X-Fi.
D7627644	AVerTV Hybrid Speedy with many software features are aimed to cater to consumers' recreational needs when using this omnipotent hybrid TV tuner card to enjoy worldwide analog TV (PAL/SECAM/NTSC), digital TV, and FM radio broadcasting with stereo sound support.Beyond that, thanks to the software MPEG-2 encoding and MCE gaming plug-in technology, AVerTV Hybrid Speedy is able to be fully compatible with Windows XP and Vista MCE platform in analog and digital mode, bringing you to a fancy TV world. In addition, the MCE video gaming plug-in support is specially designed for game console and video camcorder without any video transmission lag on MCE platform.In terms of its propriety software program, AVer MediaCenter, specially designed for your digital lifestyle. It serves the vanguard real-time H.264 compression technology up to resolution of 320X240 iPod Video format recording, so users can record their preferred TV programs and watch them on their stylish iPod. By supporting up to 1080i high definition TV viewing, it offers users to watch and record HDTV programs with H.264 and MPEG-2 formats. Now, no more worry about missing any of your favorite TV shows!
D7628051	The SCX-4824FN offers a combination of versatility, dependability and stylish design to meet the needs of a range of business users.Samsung equipped the SCX-4824FN MFP with versatile, cost-effective features for busy office environments. By offering reliable printing, scanning, copying and faxing, the MFP eliminate the need to purchase multiple devices, thereby saving businesses money. Network-ready features ensure that people across a company's network can simultaneously share the MFP – again saving businesses the cost of buying multiple machines.The SCX-4824FN is dependable and able to easily handle the volume and print speed needs of demanding SOHOs and SMB workgroups. The printer is among the fastest MFP in their class, reducing employee time spent waiting for the printer. The SCX-4824FN prints A4 pages at speeds up to 24 pages per minute (ppm).The stylish, non-intrusive design of the MFP ensures the SCX-4824FN easily fit into any work environment. It sports a smooth, corner-less design which complements office décor. Its compact size combined with its quiet operation, just 49 decibels while printing, allows companies to place the device right on top of a desk – and next to the people who use it. An intuitive LED user interface, makes the product simple to use and easy to troubleshoot.
D7628052	The SCX-4828FN offers a combination of versatility, dependability and stylish design to meet the needs of a range of business users.Samsung equipped the SCX-4828FN MFP with versatile, cost-effective features for busy office environments. By offering reliable printing, scanning, copying and faxing, the MFP eliminates the need to purchase multiple devices, thereby saving businesses money. Network-ready features ensure that people across a company's network can simultaneously share the MFP - again saving businesses the cost of buying multiple machines. A USB direct connectivity port on the SCX-4828FN allows users to print and scan documents simply, via a USB memory stick. This function is not only convenient for those on the move, but also saves time, as users do not have to log on to a network or computer to produce the documents they require.The SCX-4828FN is dependable and able to easily handle the volume and print speed needs of demanding SOHOs and SMB workgroups. This printer is among the fastest MFPs in its class, reducing employee time spent waiting for the printer. The SCX-4828FN boasts speeds of up to 28ppm. The SCX-4828FN also comes with a duplex printing feature as standard, instantly halving an office's paper consumption with double-sided prints.The stylish, non-intrusive design of the MFP ensures the SCX-4828FN easily fit into any work environment. It sports a smooth, corner-less design which complements office decor. Its compact size combined with its quiet operation allows companies to place these devices right on top of a desk - and next to the people who use them. An intuitive LED user interface, makes the product simple to use and easy to troubleshoot.
D7628167	Catering to gamers who want to enjoy the ultimate in gaming experiences, ASUS, world leader in motherboard production, has released the new ASUS ROG Maximus II Formula series motherboard. Equipped with an Intel P45 chipset and supporting DDRII memory, this cutting-edge piece of hardware provides exceptional gaming performances to suit gamers of today. It can also deliver outstanding audio quality through an innovatively designed SupremeFX X-Fi audio card; while the inclusion of the innovative CPU Level Up technology allows gamers to obtain flexible CPU boosts - without any complicated setups. Additionally, the Extreme Engine power design provides stable voltages for reliable operations - making this motherboard the ultimate gamer's choice.
D7628168	To cater to users who require a high performance motherboard solution that also encompasses effective power savings and a friendly operating environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5Q series. This energy-conserving series of motherboards provide great performance; and is based on the Intel P45 chipset - which supports the latest Intel CPU and memory technology. The P5Q Series also furthers the eco-friendly cause with the exclusive ASUS EPU, which provides 80.23% CPU power savings and 96% enhanced power efficiency - allowing users to help save the Earth every time they switch on their PCs!
D7628169	To cater to users who require a high performance motherboard solution that also encompasses effective power savings and a friendly operating environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5Q series. This energy-conserving series of motherboards provide great performance; and is based on the Intel P45 chipset - which supports the latest Intel CPU and memory technology. The P5Q Series also furthers the eco-friendly cause with the exclusive ASUS EPU, which provides 80.23% CPU power savings and 96% enhanced power efficiency - allowing users to help save the Earth every time they switch on their PCs!
D7628170	With an onboard Nvidia 8 series GPU, the M3N78-VM motherboard from ASUS offers support for HDMI and the latest AM2 CPU's, including 140W. With ASUS Express Gate, you can access online functions in seconds and save power, with ASUS EPU Technology.
D7632301	Think about it. If you spend more than eight hours a day using your computer, you're spending more than eight hours a day using your mouse. Don't you want to be as comfortable as possible? Now, you can.
D7632302	Whether you're surfing the web or checking your e-mail, you'll always look stylish when you're using the Logitech LS1 Laser Mouse. Sleek surfaces and colorful accent make your desktop setup look even better. Laser technology delivers smooth, accurate cursor control on virtually any surface. The soft rubber grip gives you comfort and control during long sessions. Just connect the mouse to a USB port to get started. Install the software to enjoy side-to-side scrolling plus zoom, perfect for viewing photos and navigating spreadsheets: instantly zoom in and out, and easily scroll horizontally and vertically.
D7632305	You're on the move all day - from your desk to your next meeting and back, from the living room to the kitchen. Wouldn't it be great if you had a mouse that you could just attach to your notebook and go? Now, you can.The Logitech V550 Nano cordless laser mouse for notebooks - with the innovative clip-and-go dock - gives you one less thing to carry.
D7632307	Whether you're surfing the web or checking your e-mail, you'll always look stylish when you're using the Logitech LS1 Laser Mouse. Sleek surfaces and colorful accent make your desktop setup look even better. Laser technology delivers smooth, accurate cursor control on virtually any surface. The soft rubber grip gives you comfort and control during long sessions. Just connect the mouse to a USB port to get started. Install the software to enjoy side-to-side scrolling plus zoom, perfect for viewing photos and navigating spreadsheets: instantly zoom in and out, and easily scroll horizontally and vertically.
D7632308	The Logitech TrackMan Marble gives you superior comfort - for either hand. Ambidextrous design provides long-lasting comfort for right- and left-handed people. Convenient button controls let you easily move forward and backward when you're surfing the Web. Click the large buttons together and use the ball for auto-scrolling. Fingertip-based control enables fast, accurate cursor movements. Patented Marble optical technology ensures smooth tracking.Left handed? Right handed? When you're working on your computer day and night, and you want more flexibility, the Logitech Trackman Marble will help increase your comfort level.
D7632310	With the TrackMan wheel you can navigate in comfort with a high-precision trackball. It is ideal for extended use.
D7632314	Whether you're surfing the web or checking your e-mail, you'll always look stylish when you're using the Logitech LS1 Laser Mouse. Sleek surfaces and colorful accent make your desktop setup look even better. Laser technology delivers smooth, accurate cursor control on virtually any surface. The soft rubber grip gives you comfort and control during long sessions. Just connect the mouse to a USB port to get started. Install the software to enjoy side-to-side scrolling plus zoom, perfect for viewing photos and navigating spreadsheets: instantly zoom in and out, and easily scroll horizontally and vertically.
D7632317	Sophisticated optics deliver exceptionally sharp, clear, vibrant video calls, including video at up to 30 frames per second at VGA resolution on Skype.
D7632877	Guess what's in this little case. Small cigars? Or a diary? Yes, kind of. The ICY BOX IB-283 is a portable enclosure for a 2.5" SATA hard disk drive. You can carry up to some hundred gigabytes of notes or data like music and movies between its leatherette topside and chrome-plated bottom. Have a closer look and open the closure. A USB plug is integrated in the clip. The speed peculiar to USB, obtains a further meaning as you don't have to look for a cable when you are going to connect the HDD to a computer. The inner case of light metal protects the HDD. Then the IB-283 is a lot more than just look.
D7635223	PRODUCT FEATURES:Shares ''ExpressCard'' notebook extensions with the PCCompliant with PCI Express Base Specification 1.0aLED indicatorInstalls in any available PCI Express slot with different lane widthNo additional driver software required
D7636185	Now you can have high quality, high speed color from the comfort of your desk. Incorporating Canon's renowned color print quality, the compact LBP5970 provides affordable desktop A3 / A4 color printing.Quality printing isn't just the remit of larger, multifunctional devices. The LBP5970 is small in size for an A3 printer, but big on performance, enabling you to produce vibrant color documents with a highly professional look, with the first printout available in just 7.5 seconds. It's incredibly convenient too with everything - including toners and paper - accessible from the front of the device, making usage and general maintenance effortless.Use the LBP5970 as your individual printer or as a network printer amongst small groups of users.There's no warm-up time from the energy-saving sleep mode, which is automatically invoked when the device is not being used. And by printing on both sides of the page you can save paper and reduces costs.Environmentally considerate production methods ensure that the machine complies with the European RoHS and WEEE directives, prohibiting lead and hazardous substances from the manufacturing process. In addition the LBP5970 conforms to the International Energy Star Program.
D7636186	Now you can have high quality, high speed color from the comfort of your desk. Incorporating Canon's renowned color print quality, the compact LBP5970 provides affordable desktop A3 / A4 color printing.Quality printing isn't just the remit of larger, multifunctional devices. The LBP5970 is small in size for an A3 printer, but big on performance, enabling you to produce vibrant color documents with a highly professional look, with the first printout available in just 7.5 seconds. It's incredibly convenient too with everything - including toners and paper - accessible from the front of the device, making usage and general maintenance effortless.Use the LBP5970 as your individual printer or as a network printer amongst small groups of users.There's no warm-up time from the energy-saving sleep mode, which is automatically invoked when the device is not being used. And by printing on both sides of the page you can save paper and reduces costs.
D7636278	Smart-UPS RT is a family of high performance UPSs for servers, networking equipment, telecommunication systems, industrial and medical equipment, and other mission-critical applications. Smart-UPS RT UPSs are based on the field-proven, industry-leading Smart-UPS functionality, but feature double conversion on-line topology, which delivers tight voltage and frequency regulation, zero transfer time to and from battery, and input power factor correction. While offering advanced performance and high availability features, the Smart-UPS RT can be managed using PowerChute software, as well as an array of SmartSlot accessories. Smart-UPS RT provides battery back up to the load through the use of internal batteries. However, an unlimited number of external battery packs can be added to meet desired levels of runtime. All Smart-UPS RTs and battery packs ship in tower configuration, while easily converting to the 19" rack-mount mode with the addition of an APC Rail kit.
D7636279	APC Smart-UPS RT is a family of high-density, performance UPSs for voice and data networks, medical labs, and light industrial applications. Capable of supporting 10KVA in a 6U rack/tower convertible form, users can support power hungry blade servers or heavily loaded equipment racks. This flexible form factor allows standardization across multiple applications. High power internal chargers allow virtually unlimited additional matching battery packs to comply with aggressive runtime demands of business-critical systems. Customers with harsh power environments looking for extremely tight voltage and frequency regulation, internal bypass, and input power factor correction typical of double conversion online topology will get them in the Smart-UPS RT.
D7638334	The MFC-7840W offers everything you need in a monochrome laser all-in-one for your home office or small sized business. The MFC-7840W features an elegant black color scheme while adding a built-in 802.11b/g wireless network interface, PCL 6 and BR-Script3 print emulations, a faster fax modem (33.6Kbps super G3), 4-day memory backup and a LCD backlit display for easy viewing.
D7641519	Realize new possibilities for connecting with friends, family, and digital entertainment with the phenomenal performance of the AMD Phenom X4 quad-core processors. Built from the ground up for true quad-core performance, AMD Phenom X4 processors speed through advanced multitasking, critical business productivity, advanced visual design and modeling, serious gaming, and visually stunning digital media and entertainment.
D7643595	The advanced airflow design enhances CPU and graphic card cooling that maintains TA-B1's powerful performance.
D7643596	The advanced airflow design enhances CPU and graphic card cooling that maintains TA-B1's powerful performance.
D7643604	The TM-B1 provides optimized computing capability while satisfies the needs of all must-have features.
D7644633	Marketing description is not available.
D7644634	Marketing description is not available.
D7645481	PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports ATI CrossFire2 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slots6 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support RAID, NCQ, AHCI and Hot Plug functions2 x eSATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors2 x PCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports 2 x IEEE1394 ports7.1 CH Windows Premium Level HD Audio with Content Protection, supports DAC with 110dB dynamic range 1 x Wi-Fi/E headerSupports I. O. T. (Intelligent Overclocking Technology), ASRock OC tunerASRock DualLAN SPDIF I/O
D7645483	PRODUCT FEATURES:LGA 775 for Intel Core 2 Extreme/Core 2 Quad/Core 2 Duo/Pentium Dual Core/Celeron, supporting Penryn Quad Core Yorkfield and Dual Core Wolfdale processorsAll solid capacitor designIntel P45 + ICH10 chipsetsSupports dual channel DDR3 1333/1066 (4 x DIMM slots) with maximum capacity up to 8GBSupports dual channel DDR2 1066/800/667 (2 x DIMM slots) with maximum capacity up to 4GB
D7645486	PRODUCT FEATURES:LGA 775 for Intel Core 2 Extreme / Core 2 Quad / Core 2 Duo / Pentium Dual Core / Celeron , supporting Penryn Quad Core Yorkfield and Dual Core Wolfdale processorsIntel P43+ ICH10 ChipsetsSupports FSB1600/1333/1066/800MHz CPUsSupports Dual Channel DDR3 1333/1066 with max1 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slot6 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support NCQ, AHCI and Hot Plug functions1 x eSATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectorPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/s1 x WiFi/E headerSupports I. O. T. (Intelligent Overclocking Technology), ASRock OC tunerASRock SPDIF I/O
D7645793	PRODUCT FEATURES:Suitable for Acer systems with screen sizes from 16"-18.4"Closed cell foam protectionMade from high quality nylon for maximum durabilityFront zippered workstation pocket for storage of pens, wallet, phone/PDA or other itemsExternal side pockets for access to items on the goPadded rear panel with stitching and trolley strap for easy use when traveling
D7645794	Acer's Trend line of notebook carry cases translate an active lifestyle into a line of notebook carry cases that allies convenient and intuitive storage, optimal protection of Acer notebooks and a hip design. The case is designed specifically for Acer notebooks sized from 14" up to 17.0" through a moving divider. It uses closed cell foam technology to protect the notebook. Features of this case include an external water bottle holder and small mesh pocket for instant access to small items, a zippered front pocket and back slip pocket for easy access to valuables or documents.
D7646302	PRODUCT FEATURES:ASUS Exclusive Glaciator FansinkASUS Splendid: watching movies on PC is as good as on Top-of-the-line consumer televisionASUS Gamer OSD: real-time overclocking, benchmarking and video capturing in any PC game!ASUS Smart Doctor: your intelligent hardware protection and overclocking toolFull Microsoft DirectX 10 SupportHDCP compliantNVIDIA SLI TechnologyDual Dual-link DVI SupportResolutions up to 2560x1600
D7647478	Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2009 is a totally approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application now includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7647479	Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 is a totally new approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7647480	Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 is a totally new approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7647482	Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2009 is a totally approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application now includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7647483	Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 is a totally new approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7647484	Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 is a totally new approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7647485	Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 is a totally new approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7647493	With a 10.1 Megapixel CMOS sensor and technology inherited from Canon's professional models, the EOS 1000D offers EOS imaging power in an affordable, easy-to-use package.For dramatic mid-action shots, the EOS 1000D allows continuous shooting of large JPEG images at speeds of up to 3 frames per second, until the memory card is full. With a card, this lets you shoot up to 514 images without a pause.A wide-area Auto Focus system uses 7 separate focusing points to lock onto subjects fast. The central focus point enables focusing even under low-light or low-contrast conditions.Canon's built-in dust prevention system guards images against the effects of dust in three ways: reducing dust generated inside the camera, shaking dust from the sensor each time the camera is turned on or off, and mapping stubborn dust spots for removal with the provided Digital Photo Professional software.
D7647498	Bringing a new level of versatility and capability to flash photography, the Speedlite 430EX II features a powerful flash with a fast recycling time in a compact, durable body. A one-touch quick-lock mechanism makes it easy to attach or detach the 430EX II from the camera and a metal foot has been added for strength and durability. Flash controls can now be set through the camera's LCD screen on compatible EOS Digital SLR cameras. The Speedlite 430EX II is also quieter, recycle time is 20% faster (as compared to the 430EX) and since it is compatible with Canon's wireless E-TTL, it can be used as an affordable "slave unit".
D7652060	Marketing description is not available.
D7652061	1x external eSATA and 1x internal SATA portInt./ext. ports selectable by configurationCompliant with PCI Express base specification 1.0aSupport data transfer up to 300 MbpsSupport NCQ (Native Command Queuing)Hot-plug and hot-swapping feature
D7652062	2 x external eSATA and 2 x internal SATA portsInstalls in any available PCI Express slot with different lane widthSupports data transfer up to 300 MbpsSupports NCQ (Native Command Queuing)Hot-plug and hot-swapping feature
D7652390	Catering to users who require a workstation motherboard with advanced data transfer solutions, superb performance and still provide huge energy savings, ASUS, worldwide leader in motherboard design, has released the powerful ASUS P5N64 WS Professional motherboard. Joining the growing ranks of ASUS EPU-equipped motherboards, the ASUS P5N64 WS Professional helps users save energy by utilizing a combination of the ASUS EPU and HE 95 technologies. This top-notch piece of hardware also features astounding performance with support for the latest NVIDIA nForce 790i Ultra SLI chipset and DDR3 1333; and provides industry-leading technology in the form of an onboard SAS device for enhanced data transfer experiences.
D7652915	Wireless mini keyboard with built-in smart-touchpadReliable Bluetooth transmission with far range up to approx. 10 m away from the PCModern designFull functionality of a full-size layout keyboardExtremely silent stroke and tactile feedback due to high-quality soft-touch membrane technologyAppealing blue status LEDs for pairing, reconnect and low battery in a light-stripe designPower on/off switch to increase operation timePlug and Play installation, no special driver necessaryOptimal for home entertainment, HTPC as well as for training, conference and presentation rooms and so on
D7655648	PRODUCT FEATURES:Incredibly fast 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interfaceLightScribe support
D7656895	With its innovative cap-less design, the SanDisk Ultra Cruzer Titanium safely delivers anything and everything that users want to take with them. And considering that it's made with a crush - resistant casing, its tough enough to take just about anywhere.
D7656900	Another great invention from SanDisk, the microSD is about a quarter of the size of an SD card and is the newest standard of SD flash memory specifically designed for use with ultra-small mobile phones and other devices. Like the miniSD, the microSD is ideal for use in storing media-rich files such as music, videos, and photographs in compatible mobile phones.
D7656902	Another great invention from SanDisk, the microSD is about a quarter of the size of an SD card and is the newest standard of SD flash memory specifically designed for use with ultra-small mobile phones and other devices. Like the miniSD, the microSD is ideal for use in storing media-rich files such as music, videos, and photographs in compatible mobile phones.
D7656903	SanDisk microSD High Capacity (microSDHC) flash card comes with a full size SD adapter to fit into devices with an SD slot.SDHC is the designation for any SD or SD-based card that is larger and adheres to the SD 2.00 specification that is required for cards. The specification was developed by the SD association, an industry standards board, which also defined three speed classes for speed and performance capabilities. These cards adhere to the SD Speed Class 2 Rating specification which defines a minimum sustained transfer speed for SDHC cards.
D7656904	Another great invention from SanDisk, the microSD is about a quarter of the size of an SD card and is the newest standard of SD flash memory specifically designed for use with ultra-small mobile phones and other devices. Like the miniSD, the microSD is ideal for use in storing media-rich files such as music, videos, and photographs in compatible mobile phones.
D7656905	Cruzer Micro now ships with U3 smart technology. Co-invented by SanDisk, U3 technology gives you the ability to carry your files and your software on a secure USB drive. You can have your wallpaper, preferences, favorites, profiles, and more - everything you need for a familiar computing experience on any PC, wherever you go. Cruzer Micro allows you to easily carry and transfer key documents, pictures, music and video clips from one computer to another. The new retractable USB port eliminates the need for caps and protects your USB connector.
D7658874	PRODUCT FEATURES:Standard: Bluetooth v2.0 + EDRSupports A2DP stereo streamingSpread spectrum: FHSS (Frequency Hopping Spread Spectrum)Modulation: GFSK (1Mbps), D/4-DOPSK (2Mbps), 8DPSK (3Mbps)Sensitivity: -82 dBm (typical), GFSKRF output power: 13 dBm (typical), GFSK
D7658876	Marketing description is not available.
D7659040	The P5QL-E motherboard supports Intel Core 2 processors in LGA775 package. It also can support Intel 45nm multi-core CPU.This motherboard supports PCIe 2.0 devices for double speed and bandwidth which enhances system performance. It comes with the world's first power saving engine - ASUS EPU-6 Engine, which provides total system power savings by detecting current PC loadings and intelligently moderating power in real-time.
D7659041	Utilizing the P43 chipset from Intel, the P5QL series of motherboard offers effective power savings with the ASUS EPU 4-Engine as well as a super fast boot up with ASUS Express gate. Offering multiple specification levels, the P5QL series of ASUS motherboards is perfect for a home user.
D7659042	The P5KPL-AM with Intel G31 chipset inside supports Intel Quad-core CPU and features 1600(O.C.)/1333/1066/800 MHz FSB, PCI Express x 16, Serial ATA interface, high performance integrated graphics engine, dual-channel DDR2 1066(O.C.)/800/667 memory, and 8 channel HD audio CODEC. Users can experience faster graphics performance and higher video quality today. P5KPL-AM is the most affordable all-in-one solution platform for Intel Core 2 processor with Intel G31 chipset inside.
D7659043	Utilizing the 750a chipset from Nvidia, the M3N72-D offers support for the AM2+ Phenom CPUs and Sli support and is powered by an on-board Nvidia 8 Series GPU. With unique features from ASUS, such as Express Gate and Precision Tweaker, the M3N72-D is a motherboard not to be missed.
D7659046	Catering to users who are looking for a powerful device to create an excellent home entertainment environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in motherboard production, has released the new ASUS M3A78 series. The new ASUS M3A78 series utilizes the AMD platform, and is equipped with exceptional support for analog/digital outputs - enabling the PC to be utilized as a home theater in the living room, and not just a computing tool in the study or bedroom. The M3A78-EM also comes with DisplayPort, a cutting-edge digital output ready for users to upgrade their monitors in the near future. Moreover, the M3A78 Series adopts an advanced new power design to support 140W powered CPUs - providing users with more flexible choices on CPU upgrades.
D7659752	Unlike standard PC speakers that focus sound in one direction, the Logitech Z-5 speakers use omnidirectional acoustics that create a substantially wider sweet spot - an especially helpful feature if you often move your laptop around your home or office. An innovative speaker technology previously found only in expensive home-theater systems, omnidirectional acoustics on the Logitech Z-5 speakers use forward- and backward-firing drivers to transmit sound evenly in all directions. Whether you're listening to your favorite song or watching a video on YouTube, you'll enjoy rich, articulate sound and minimal distortion - from every corner of your room.Delivering pure digital audio that's easily moved with your laptop, the Z-5 omnidirectional speakers can be quickly connected to any PC or Mac via USB. There's no need for an external power adapter or batteries.
D7660304	The SH-S223 drive offers a powerful over-speed performance feature that allows users to burn data at high speeds - even on low speed media. With over-speed recording, users can write at 22X speeds on 16X media and 12X speeds on 8X media. As lower speed media is more cost-effective, companies can save money while burning discs at faster speeds.In addition to the writer's high speed performance, the SH-S223 also boasts a low-noise feature. The drive's aerodynamic frame design reduces air-borne noise by preventing pressure concentration.The drive supports SATA interface - the dominant interface for PCs. The SH-S223 drive includes free software so users can easily create music, video, photo and data discs. The drive also includes Samsung's live firmware update program that allows users to download new firmware to keep their drives updated for free.
D7660307	The SH-S223 drive offers a powerful over-speed performance feature that allows users to burn data at high speeds - even on low speed media. With over-speed recording, users can write at 22X speeds on 16X media and 12X speeds on 8X media. As lower speed media is more cost-effective, companies can save money while burning discs at faster speeds.In addition to the writer's high speed performance, the SH-S223 also boasts a low-noise feature. The drive's aerodynamic frame design reduces air-borne noise by preventing pressure concentration.The drive supports SATA interface - the dominant interface for PCs. The SH-S223 drive includes free software so users can easily create music, video, photo and data discs. The drive also includes Samsung's live firmware update program that allows users to download new firmware to keep their drives updated for free.
D7660309	The SH-S223 drive offers a powerful over-speed performance feature that allows users to burn data at high speeds - even on low speed media. With over-speed recording, users can write at 22X speeds on 16X media and 12X speeds on 8X media. As lower speed media is more cost-effective, companies can save money while burning discs at faster speeds.In addition to the writer's high speed performance, the SH-S223 also boasts a low-noise feature. The drive's aerodynamic frame design reduces air-borne noise by preventing pressure concentration.The drive supports SATA interface - the dominant interface for PCs. The SH-S223 drive includes free software so users can easily create music, video, photo and data discs. The drive also includes Samsung's live firmware update program that allows users to download new firmware to keep their drives updated for free.
D7661651	The TruDirect SE-T084M dramatically cuts down on the time it takes to create DVDs as no pre-mastering, multiplexing or hard-disk buffering is needed, enabling real-time, fast, and simple recording of personal videos, photos or data files onto DVD discs.In addition to DVD creation, the TruDirect SE-T084M features some of the fastest speeds of an optical disc drive on the market today. It features 8X DVD+R and DVD-R writing, 6X DVD+R and -R dual layer writing, and 5X DVD-RAM writing.
D7661659	The need for increased server performance is unrelenting, thus DDR2 SDRAM has taken its place as the high-density standard for server main memory. Its advanced architecture gives DDR2 a host of advantages over earlier standards, such as faster speeds, better signal integrity, lower power consumption and better thermal characteristics.In addition to DDR2 registered DIMMs for servers, Samsung is offering Fully Buffered DIMMs (FBDIMMs) so servers can benefit from the highest possible memory density and bandwidth. Servers equipped with FBDIMMs can get up to 16 gigabytes per channel of total system memory. This advanced server memory architecture buffers the DRAM data pins from the channel and uses point-to-point links to eliminate the need for a stub bus. The buffers and repeaters help reduce the motherboard routing area. This architecture requires one-third fewer pins than registered DIMMs and also delivers excellent throughput and low latency.
D7662403	Realize new possibilities for connecting with friends, family, and digital entertainment with the phenomenal performance of the AMD Phenom X4 series quad-core processor. Built from the ground up for true quad-core performance, AMD Phenom X4 processors speed through advanced multitasking, critical business productivity, advanced visual design and modeling, serious gaming, and visually stunning digital media and entertainment.
D7663217	Dark Power Pro is the high-quality power supply for gamers: powerful due to its highly-developed technology and extremely high degree of efficiency - unique in terms of service and quality. Dark Power Pro is also a big winner in a small package: it fits into any standard case.
D7663302	Marketing description is not available.
D7663921	The Windows XP Professional operating system is the best choice for businesses of all sizes. Windows XP Professional integrates the strengths of Windows 2000 Professional, such as standards-based security, manageability, and reliability, with the best business features of Windows 98 and Windows Millennium Edition, such as plug and play, simplified user interface, and innovative support services. This combination creates the best desktop operating system for business. Whether your business deploys Windows XP Professional on a single computer or throughout a worldwide network, this operating system increases your computing power while lowering cost of ownership for desktop computers.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7663922	Windows XP Home Edition gives you the freedom to experience more than you ever thought possible with your computer and the Internet. This is the operating system home users have been waiting for - because it offers serious speed and serious stability, so you can have serious fun.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7665926	It comes with an ease-of-use remote control and high gain antenna, providing you a complete solution for your PCTV entertainment on laptop. It has a smart and user-friendly design. With ExpressCard/54mm interface, it can be inserted into ExpressCard slot without appearing any surface of the device. This ergonomic design can be your perfect multimedia gadget, and therefore provides more convenience wherever you go.
D7667395	Connect the CAW7740N to your modem and in two mouse clicks you are ready-to-go. Send multiple high quality video streams at the same time from and to any wireless device. You are ready for the future and still can use your current devices.
D7668809	Package type of the product is OEM.
D7669764	Windows XP Home Edition gives you the freedom to experience more than you ever thought possible with your computer and the Internet. This is the operating system home users have been waiting for - because it offers serious speed and serious stability, so you can have serious fun.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7669765	Windows XP Home Edition gives you the freedom to experience more than you ever thought possible with your computer and the Internet. This is the operating system home users have been waiting for - because it offers serious speed and serious stability, so you can have serious fun.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7669767	Windows XP Home Edition gives you the freedom to experience more than you ever thought possible with your computer and the Internet. This is the operating system home users have been waiting for - because it offers serious speed and serious stability, so you can have serious fun.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7669768	The Windows XP Professional operating system is the best choice for businesses of all sizes. Windows XP Professional integrates the strengths of Windows 2000 Professional, such as standards-based security, manageability, and reliability, with the best business features of Windows 98 and Windows Millennium Edition, such as plug and play, simplified user interface, and innovative support services. This combination creates the best desktop operating system for business. Whether your business deploys Windows XP Professional on a single computer or throughout a worldwide network, this operating system increases your computing power while lowering cost of ownership for desktop computers.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7669769	The Windows XP Professional operating system is the best choice for businesses of all sizes. Windows XP Professional integrates the strengths of Windows 2000 Professional, such as standards-based security, manageability, and reliability, with the best business features of Windows 98 and Windows Millennium Edition, such as plug and play, simplified user interface, and innovative support services. This combination creates the best desktop operating system for business. Whether your business deploys Windows XP Professional on a single computer or throughout a worldwide network, this operating system increases your computing power while lowering cost of ownership for desktop computers.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7669770	The Windows XP Professional operating system is the best choice for businesses of all sizes. Windows XP Professional integrates the strengths of Windows 2000 Professional, such as standards-based security, manageability, and reliability, with the best business features of Windows 98 and Windows Millennium Edition, such as plug and play, simplified user interface, and innovative support services. This combination creates the best desktop operating system for business. Whether your business deploys Windows XP Professional on a single computer or throughout a worldwide network, this operating system increases your computing power while lowering cost of ownership for desktop computers.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7669779	Leaders of the pack seeking monster performance, look no further. With four execution cores, the Intel Core 2 Quad processor blows through processor-intensive tasks in demanding multitasking environments and makes the most of highly threaded applications. Whether you're creating multimedia, annihilating your gaming enemies, or running compute-intensive applications at one time, new quad-core processing will change the way you do everything. Pioneer the new world of quad-core and unleash the power of multithreading.
D7669780	Leaders of the pack seeking monster performance, look no further. With four execution cores, the Intel Core 2 Quad processor blows through processor-intensive tasks in demanding multitasking environments and makes the most of highly threaded applications. Whether you're creating multimedia, annihilating your gaming enemies, or running compute-intensive applications at one time, new quad-core processing will change the way you do everything. Pioneer the new world of quad-core and unleash the power of multithreading.
D7669782	The Intel Core 2 Duo processors are built in several of the world's most advanced, high-volume output manufacturing facilities using Intel's leading silicon process technology. The processor family is based on the revolutionary Intel Core microarchitecture, designed to provide powerful yet energy-efficient performance. With the power of dual cores, or computing engines, the processors can manage numerous tasks faster. They also can operate more smoothly when multiple applications are running, such as writing e-mails while downloading music or videos and conducting a virus scan.
D7675416	Super Talent's patented PICO series USB drives are manufactured using chip-on-board (COB) technology.PICO series drives are shock resistant, storing data securely even under adverse conditions. They also support read speeds upwards of 30MB/sec (200X) for lightning fast access to files.
D7675417	Super Talent's patented PICO series USB drives are manufactured using chip-on-board (COB) technology.PICO series drives are shock resistant, storing data securely even under adverse conditions. They also support read speeds upwards of 30MB/sec (200X) for lightning fast access to files.
D7675418	Super Talent's patented PICO series USB drives are manufactured using chip-on-board (COB) technology.PICO series drives are shock resistant, storing data securely even under adverse conditions. They also support read speeds upwards of 30MB/sec (200X) for lightning fast access to files.
D7675520	Increase your performance with the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core processor. Work or play with multiple programs without any stalling or waiting. Dual-core technology is like having two processors, and two working together is better and faster than one working alone.
D7677374	Four fixing points fit at the sites of the rear and front 19" mounting anglesFixed mountedAdjustable depth, 650 up to 780 mmPerforated sheet steelComplete with fixing material
D7677376	Suitable for building structured cabling in the secondary and tertiary areaFor installation of cable lines of class E, 100 MHzConforming to ISO/IEC 11801, DIN EN 50173, DIN EN 50288-2-1Aluminum foil and tin-coated copper wire braidPVC outer jacket
D7677769	The TL-WR541G 54Mbps Wireless Router integrates firewall, NAT-router and Wireless AP. The design is dedicated to Small Office/Home Office (SOHO) Wireless network solution. The TL-WR541G 54Mbps Wireless Router will allow you to connect your network wirelessly better than ever, sharing Internet access, files and fun, easily and securely.With the most attentive wireless security, the TL-WR541G 54Mbps Wireless Router provides multiple protection measures. It can be set to turn off wireless network name (SSID) broadcast so that only stations that have the SSID can be connected. The router provides wireless LAN 64/128/152-bit WEP encryption security, and WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK authentication and TKIP/AES encryption security. It also supports VPN pass-through for sensitive data secure transmission.The TL-WR541G 54Mbps Wireless Router complies with the IEEE 802.11g/b standards and adopts 2x to 3x eXtended Range WLAN transmission technology so that transmission distance is 2-3 times that of traditional 11g/b solutions. Transmission range is extended to 4-9 times. It is compatible with all IEEE 802.11g and IEEE 802.11b products.The TL-WR541G 54Mbps Wireless Router provides flexible access control. It has built-in NAT and DHCP server supporting static IP address distributing. It also supports virtual server and DMZ host for port triggering needs, as well as remote management and log so that network administrators can manage and monitor the network on real time.The TL-WR541G 54Mbps Wireless Router is easy-to-manage. Quick setup wizard is supported and friendly help messages are provided for every step. So you can configure it quickly and share Internet access, files and fun.
D7679155	PRODUCT FEATURES:GDDR5 memory256-bit GDDR5 memory interfaceDirectX 10.1 support24x custom filter anti-aliasing (CFAA) and high performance anisotropic filteringATI CrossFireX multi-GPU support for highly scalable performancePCI Express 2.0 supportDynamic geometry accelerationGame physics processing capabilityATI Avivo HD video and display technologyUnified Video Decoder 2 (UVD)Built-in HDMI with 7.1 surround sound support on-chip HDCPHDMI supportedATI PowerPlay technologyEnergy efficient manufacturing process
D7680837	The Windows XP Professional operating system is the best choice for businesses of all sizes. Windows XP Professional integrates the strengths of Windows 2000 Professional, such as standards-based security, manageability, and reliability, with the best business features of Windows 98 and Windows Millennium Edition, such as plug and play, simplified user interface, and innovative support services. This combination creates the best desktop operating system for business. Whether your business deploys Windows XP Professional on a single computer or throughout a worldwide network, this operating system increases your computing power while lowering cost of ownership for desktop computers.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7680918	Low cost, high quality compact machine combining print, fax, copy and color scan functions. The MFC-7320, ideally suited for the home office or small business, is a feature packed product at a great price.
D7681120	The Windows XP Professional operating system is the best choice for businesses of all sizes. Windows XP Professional integrates the strengths of Windows 2000 Professional, such as standards-based security, manageability, and reliability, with the best business features of Windows 98 and Windows Millennium Edition, such as plug and play, simplified user interface, and innovative support services. This combination creates the best desktop operating system for business. Whether your business deploys Windows XP Professional on a single computer or throughout a worldwide network, this operating system increases your computing power while lowering cost of ownership for desktop computers.Windows XP Service Pack 3 (SP3) includes all previously released updates for the operating system. This update also includes a small number of new functionalities, which do not significantly change customers' experience with the operating system.
D7682969	Verbatim Micro SDHC cards offer optimal perfomance for your SDHC digital camera or other SDHC slot equipped device. Featuring the industry's highest performance rating Verbatim's SDHC card offers superior video capture/playback characteristics and fast photo upload/downloads to/from your PC. By using the included microSDHC to SD Adapter, you can also use the microSDHC card in any SDHC slot equipped camera, card reader or computer.
D7682970	Verbatim Micro SDHC cards offer optimal perfomance for your SDHC digital camera or other SDHC slot equipped device. Featuring the industry's highest performance rating Verbatim's SDHC card offers superior video capture/playback characteristics and fast photo upload/downloads to/from your PC. By using the included microSDHC to SD Adapter, you can also use the microSDHC card in any SDHC slot equipped camera, card reader or computer.
D7685293	LGA 775 for Intel Core 2 Extreme / Core 2 Quad / Core 2 Duo / Pentium Dual Core / Celeron , supporting Penryn Quad Core Yorkfield and Dual Core Wolfdale processorsAll solid capacitor designIntel P43+ICH10 chipsetsSupports FSB1600/1333/1066/800 MHz CPUsSupports Dual Channel DDR3 1333/1066 with maxPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports 2 x IEEE1394 portsSupports ASRock instant bootASRock 1394 SPDIF I/O
D7687043	PRODUCT FEATURES:External DVDRWUSB2.0 connection
D7687045	The LG Super-Multi GH20NS15 internal DVD Rewriter features 20x DVD±R write speed and SecurDisc technology. SecurDisc is an innovative technology which provides five levels of security to protect and share data securely. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH20NS15 reads and writes in many formats. Burn and guard your data with the LG GH20NS15.
D7687046	PRODUCT FEATURES:World's fastest 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interface
D7689005	For an ordinary computer mouse, the mouse itself is restricted by its default settings, even for those programmable ones, you are still bounded by its limited applications. A4Tech's X7 "Oscar Mouse Editor" breaks through this barrier, users are able to establish homemade programs by using simple logic commands or by using command combinations. Simplicity, high effectiveness, and the overwhelming power of Oscar will bring you the unprecedented experience and dominate the play!The customizable "DPI Button" with "Color Indicator" instantly shifts multiple sensitivity levels between 100-3200 dpi. The mouse gives you quick access from pixel-precise targeting to lightning-fast maneuvers without pausing the action.You can set mouse key responding time 3-30ms. It not only extends the mouse key switch lifetime but also offers quick response over your opponents during the game play.Instead of complex and repetitive mouse operations, you can tailor-made your mouse and perform any one-click game stunts to win the games effortlessly.Store your favorite macros in the 16K memory, and play on any other computers instantly. No driver is needed.Designed with extreme fast report time up to 1ms with full-speed USB, The mouse allows you to fight 8 times faster than an ordinary low speed USB mouse.
D7689006	For an ordinary computer mouse, the moue itself is restricted by its default settings, even for those programmable ones, you are still bounded by its limited applications. A4Tech's X7 "Oscar Mouse Editor" breaks through this barrier, users are able to establish homemade programs by using simple logic commands or by using command combinations. Simplicity, high effectiveness, and the overwhelming power of Oscar will bring you the unprecedented experience and dominate the play!The customizable "DPI Button" with "Color Indicator" instantly shifts multiple sensitivity levels between 100-3200 dpi. The mouse gives you quick access from pixel-precise targeting to lightning-fast maneuvers without pausing the action.You can set mouse key responding time 3-30ms. It not only extends the mouse key switch lifetime but also offers quick response over your opponents during the game play.Instead of complex and repetitive mouse operations, you can tailor-made your mouse and perform any one-click game stunts to win the games effortlessly.Store your favorite macros in the 16K memory, and play on any other computers instantly. No driver is needed.Designed with extreme fast report time up to 1ms with full-speed USB, The mouse allows you to fight 8 times faster than an ordinary low speed USB mouse.
D7689007	Oscar classical script exchange site - upload preferable scripts, win the honorable prize! For an ordinary computer mouse, the moue itself is restricted by its default settings, even for those programmable ones, you are still bounded by its limited applications. A4Tech's X7 "Oscar Mouse Editor" breaks through this barrier, users are able to establish homemade programs by using simple logic commands or by using command combinations. Simplicity, high effectiveness, and the overwhelming power of Oscar will bring you the unprecedented experience and dominate the play!The customizable "DPI Button" with "Color Indicator" instantly shifts multiple sensitivity levels between 100-3200 dpi. The mouse gives you quick access from pixel-precise targeting to lightning-fast maneuvers without pausing the action.You can set mouse key responding time between 3-30ms. It not only extends the mouse key switch lifetime but also offers quick response over your opponents during the game play.Instead of complex and repetitive mouse operations, you can tailor-made your mouse and perform any one-click game stunts to win the games effortlessly.Store your favorite macros in the 16K memory, and play on any other computers instantly. No driver is needed.Designed with extreme fast report time up to 1ms with full-speed USB (maximum 1000Hz reports/second), the mouse allows you to fight 8 times faster than an ordinary low speed USB mouse.
D7689008	Marketing description is not available.
D7689010	The customizable ''DPI Button'' with ''Color Indicator'' instantly shifts multiple sensitivity levels between 100-3600dpi. The mouse gives you quick access from pixel-precise targeting to lightning-fast maneuvers without pausing the action.Designed with extreme fast report time up to 1ms with full-speed USB, the mouse allows you to fight 8 times faster than an ordinary low speed USB mouse.You can set mouse key responding time between 3 and 30ms. It not only extends the mouse key switch lifetime but also offers quick response over your opponents during the game play.Instead of complex and repetitive mouse operations, you can tailor-made your mouse and perform any one-click game stunts to win the games effortlessly.Store your favorite macros in the 16K memory, and play on any other computers instantly. No driver is needed.
D7689011	PRODUCT FEATURES:6 DPI-shift ability with LED color indicator (no driver required)Speed mouse reportWeight tuning systemAdjustable mouse key response timeTailor-make your mouse and dominate the playOn-board memory
D7689014	This mouse gives you quick access from pixel-precise targeting to lightning-fast maneuvers without pausing the action. Designed with extreme fast report time up to 1ms with Full-Speed USB, the mouse allows you to fight 8 times faster than an ordinary low speed USB mouse. Instead of complex and repetitive mouse operations, you can tailor-made your mouse and perform any one-click game stunts to win the games effortlessly.
D7690209	The Intel Pentium dual-core processor is the newest addition to the Intel Pentium processor family. This dual-core processor delivers great mobile performance, low power enhancements, and multitasking for everyday computing.
D7690547	Enjoy groundbreaking gaming experience with cutting edge ASUS EAH4850.
D7690809	TV@nywhere Satellite II is the professional card to receive free-to-air S2 digital satellite TV and pay channels for your entertainment.
D7690828	PRODUCT FEATURES:Best price and performanceEnergy efficiencyHD video experience
D7690830	The MSI P45 series mainboard comes with several unique technologies. It offers a perfect combination of ECO-friendly features and overclocking performance. The P45 series mainboard not only provides superior energy efficiency and low temperature operation, but also offers high computing power and performance.
D7692075	The Sapphire PURE CrossFireX 770 is designed for AMD Phenom true quad-core processors and next generation graphics. Performance, scalability, and personalization are coupled with an innovative and efficient design incorporating technologies. The Sapphire PURE CrossFireX 770 is designed for PC enthusiasts, high-performance gamers, and professional overclockers. Get the power of dual graphics behind you to experience the ultimate in dualgraphonic gaming. Loaded with next generation technologies like PCI Express 2.0 and HyperTransport 3.0 technology, get the ammo you need in gaming, HD editing, and high resolution video to lead the pack, not follow it. Build your dream PC. Start with a Sapphire PURE CrossFireX 770 motherboard!
D7692076	There are few true revolutions in the PC industry. Sapphire PURE Hybrid CrossFire 780G PI-AM2RS780G inside the AMD 780G + SB700 chipset is a revolution. With the AMD 780G IGP chipset, all the barriers have been broken. This is the first AMD chipset to integrate a powerful DirectX 10 graphics core powered by ATI Radeon HD3200 graphics. It is the first AMD chipset that enables everyday computer users to play the latest games with no extra graphics card. It is the first MB that delivers a total HD cinematic experience. And it is also a good MB that powers a green PC.
D7692077	Escaping the limitations of traditional mainboards, the Sapphire PURE CrossFire line has long been declared the frame-rate leader for gaming platforms, as well as the clear choice for overclocking enthusiasts, and the Sapphire PURE CrossFireX 790FX tightens the families grip on the reputation as the industries innovative answer to the performance vs. stability debate. Built upon AMD's eagerly anticipated RD790FX chipset, the Sapphire PURE CrossFire cuts to the chase and opens up the system BIOS to mad tweaking for the hardcore overclocker, via real-time control, then using the AMD OverDrive utility. Indulge the enthusiast inside you with advanced system monitoring capabilities and limitless performance possibilities taking the Pure CrossFireX concept to a level of performance!
D7693609	ASUS My Cinema-PS3-100/PTS/FM/AV/RC provides a total solution for home theater entertainments. Whether you want to watch free-to-air digital (DVB-satellite/DVB-terrestrial) or analog TV programs, make scheduled recording, edit and make your own movies, play DVD/VCD, or listen to MP3 music and FM radio, this card can satisfy all your needs. By incorporating the advanced decoder and TV tuner, this card produces high quality audio/video for better performance and enjoyment. Combined with the ASUS remote control kits and useful utilities "ASUS Splendid Video Intelligence technology", this product instantly turns your PC into a smart multimedia center!
D7693778	PRODUCT FEATURES:World's fastest 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interface
D7693779	PRODUCT FEATURES:Serial ATA interfacePower tray loading and ejection of discSupports region playback control Phase IIAutomatic buffer underrun error prevention technology
D7695200	Marketing description is not available.
D7695327	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards.
D7696953	Developed with the P45 Chipset from Intel, the ASUS P5Q WS motherboard is able to achieve great performance and save power with ASUS EPU Technology. With an 8 Phase Power Design and 100% Japan Made capacitors, the P5Q WS is the perfect solution for a powerful workstation PC.
D7696954	The P5QL-EM motherboard supports Intel Core 2 processors in LGA775 package. It also can support Intel 45nm multi-core CPU.This motherboard supports PCIe 2.0 devices for double speed and bandwidth which enhances system performance. The interface of this motherboard supports dual VGA output both HDMI and RGB.
D7699386	Sit back and enjoy fast, easy access to all your favorite digital pictures, music, videos, and more with this sleek, ultra-thin quiet touch keyboard. The companion wireless mouse delivers ergonomic comfort for both hand and advanced productivity with Microsoft high definition optical technology and instant viewer.
D7699482	The DVR-116D DVD/CD writer supports 20x write speeds on both DVD-R/+R along with the capability to write up to 12x on DVD-R/+R on dual/double layer media.The drive recognizes the disc media and automatically adjusts the write speed to ensure the highest quality digital preservation of vital files.The internal mechanisms of the drive were redesigned to better insulate the distracting noise generated by a disc spinning at extremely fast rotations per minute. The unique interlocking design ensures a low acoustic noise by "trapping" the airflow noise generated by the spinning disc while simultaneously dampening the sounds created by normal drive usage. Through the anti-dust design, an improved chassis insulation aids in the protection of the drive's internal components from dust and small particles that can hinder the drive's operability and life span.
D7699762	Marketing description is not available.
D7699763	The EX300 stays true to MSI’s unique fashionable styling by incorporating athleticism into MSI’s notebook computers. The simple and yet fluid body design adapted the idealism of "Athletic DNA"and "Mobile technology", making the EX300 the leader of fashionable styling. The Dazzling Blue/Brilliant Red gives it the most definable character of sportsmanship, expressing true individualism. Added with the exquisite MSI logo demonstrating the very best in gracefulness, the EX300 is your ideal companion in life.The EX300 sets you free from cabled connections. You can easily access the Internet over high-speed Wi-Fi networks. The built-in Bluetooth V2.0+EDR allows you to simultaneously connect to various kinds of Bluetooth peripherals, including keyboards, mice, PDAs, cell phones and more with 3 times faster data transfer rates than that of previous version. Wherever you are, you always can enjoy the freedom of going online, and listening to music. Make your life more freely with wireless connectivity.
D7701475	The OmniView Dual-User PRO3 USB & PS/2 8-Port KVM Switch provides easy and dependable server management by two concurrent administrators. The switch enables two network administrators to monitor and control up to eight, USB- and PS/2-platform servers from two different consoles, simultaneously!
D7701476	The OmniView Dual-User PRO3 USB & PS/2 KVM Switch provides easy and dependable server management by two concurrent administrators. The switch enables two network administrators to monitor and control up to 16 USB and PS/2 platform servers from two different consoles, simultaneously!
D7701915	Leaders of the pack seeking monster performance, look no further. With four execution cores, the Intel Core 2 Quad processor blows through processor-intensive tasks in demanding multitasking environments and makes the most of highly threaded applications. Whether you're creating multimedia, annihilating your gaming enemies, or running compute-intensive applications at one time, new quad-core processing will change the way you do everything. Pioneer the new world of quad-core and unleash the power of multithreading.
D7702013	The G31MG-S is based on the chipset with GMA 3100 integrated graphics. Part of the Green series, this motherboard includes advanced energy management technologies which sets standards in energy efficiency, rewarding users with lower TCO. Innovations include 3G technology - GPS, GoD and GSM. These technologies, when combined with a Green series PSU, combine to deliver significant energy savings in all power and usage states - even when the computer is in standby mode!
D7703258	PRODUCT FEATURES:Incredibly fast 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interfaceLightScribe support
D7703264	PRODUCT FEATURES:World's fastest 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interface
D7703360	Store and play Multimedia files of all types including music, video and photos on your TV or home theater without the need for a PC connection. You can also stream content from your PC directly through your wired network.
D7703361	Store and play Multimedia files of all types including music, video and photos on your TV or home theater with the MediaStation Pro Wireless Network Multimedia Hard Drive.
D7703368	The Verbatim's palm sized USB 2.0 portable hard drive is light weight making it easy to carry with you. With light weighing, it packs portability and capacity in one!Store and carry your digital and day to day working files on this truly mobile drive. Its stylish smooth design sits neatly on the modern desk top as the perfect accompaniment to your laptop.The Verbatim portable hard drive is USB 2.0 bus powered (1xUSB 2.0 interface) and requires no external power for operation, simply plug 'n' play.The Portable Hard Drive Premium Edition has a soft rubber coated surface.
D7708366	Why settle for basic, built-in sound? Your music and movies deserve Xtreme Fidelity. Add the PCI Express Sound Blaster X-Fi Xtreme Audio sound card to your PC and turn your downloaded music into your own personal concert. Watch DVDs or downloaded videos with full cinematic surround sound. Plus experience 3D audio and EAX effects in games.
D7708367	Designed for marathon PC gaming sessions and Internet chats, the Creative HS-450 Headset is the perfect companion for those spending long hours in front of the PC or notebook. Sporting a lightweight frame and cushioned earpads, the HS-450 allows for extensive wear without you feeling uncomfortable. Wear the HS-450 and have a blast with your games today!
D7708368	Portable and lightweight, the Creative N400 is the world's first plug and play X-Fi enhanced USB speaker system. It intelligently restores the detail of your music lost through MP3 conversion.It features high-performance full-range active drivers that deliver rich and clear audio playback with outstanding bass. It also has conveniently-located multimedia controls for quick and easy access to your music. With a single cable for both power and digital quality audio, simply plug into your USB port - sit back and indulge in a better Hi-Fi experience today!
D7709152	External enclosure for 3.5" IDE hard disc drivesConforms to USB 2.0 specificationData transfer rate up to 480MbpsConforms to USB storage class specification version 1.0
D7709158	Images can be displayed immediately at the click of a mouse button via LAN (DN-16041), without inconvenient waiting for motor movements. Access to the simultaneous display of up to four cameras takes place via five user accounts. The upgradable firmware offers even greater flexibility. The high-definition, adjustable FixFokus 2.0 lens can record both video sequences (AVI) and stills (JPEG). The data provided by the camera can be accessed via administrator utility, camera viewer and web browser management. The manual, timed, loop recording and replay with fast-forward, pause and stop function and the fast, hardware-based image compression are further arguments in favor of the performance capability of the DIGITUS IP network camera.
D7709161	PRODUCT FEATURES:Microprocessor controlled line interactive technologyBoost and buck automatic voltage regulation (AVR)Intelligent battery management systemLCD display panelInput and output voltage display on the LCD panelOver/under voltage, lightning, surge protectionsShort circuit, overload, over discharge protectionsBattery, load, operation status indicatorsCold start and energy saving featuresCommunication port RS 232Tel/fax/modem protectionAvailability to use without batteries as AVRCompact size and user friendly operation
D7709165	Marketing description is not available.
D7709169	The unmounted DIGITUS 19" server cabinets save space and minimize the shipping costs. The easily identifiable parts ensure a rapid assembly. The cabinets are suitable for all typical computer and telecommunication applications.
D7710262	Mac Pro users demand the highest performance from their systems, especially when working with digital media applications. Corsair's Mac Memory is specifically designed for rock-solid stability in demanding digital media rich environments. Corsair Mac Memory allows users to maximize memory capacity and throughput to increase their systems performance.Mac Memory modules are Fully-Buffered DIMMs, or FB-DIMMs, which are different than the typical memory running in standard PCs. In an FB-DIMM module, the memory controller does not write directly to the memory module, but to a buffer, which then writes to the module. This buffer, the Advanced Memory Buffer (AMB) can also provide built-in error checking and correction.Built to Corsair's legendary quality and reliability standards, Mac Memory FB-DIMM modules are fully tested to ensure maximum compatibility and performance in Apple Mac Pro products. Adding system memory is one of the most effective ways to improve overall performance and Corsair's Mac Memory offers a full line of choices for upgrading your specific Mac Pro platform. FB-DIMMs require two identical modules to be installed at once for proper operation.
D7712526	The Acer TravelMate 5530 notebook has been developed with companies that are striving to stay ahead of the competition in mind. Powered by the AMD Turion X2 mobile processor, it combines Dual Core performance with all the developments in notebook technology, 15.4” TFT panel with optional integrated Acer CrystalEye camera, full wireless and wired connectivity and a complete suite of productivity-enhancing tools. The TravelMate 5530 clearly demonstrates Acer's ongoing commitment to provide products that enable users to achieve their goals.
D7712527	With the TravelMate 5530, it is easier and faster to do more. Powerful AMD Turion X2 processor, a 15.4" wide-aspect display, Acer InviLink 802.11b/g/Draft-N Wi-Fi CERTIFIED network connection and Acer Video Conference Manager multiply productivity on the move. The Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint solution guards against unwanted access, and enhanced Acer Disk Anti-Shock Protection (DASP) cushions the hard disk from daily mobile hazards, ensuring complete investment protection.
D7712531	The Acer TravelMate 5530 notebook has been developed with companies that are striving to stay ahead of the competition in mind. Powered by AMD Turion X2 mobile technology, it combines Dual Core performance with all developments in notebook technology, 15.4'' TFT panel, full wireless and wired connectivity and a complete suite of productivity-enhancing tools. The TravelMate 5530 clearly demonstrates Acer's ongoing commitment to provide products that enable users to achieve their goals.
D7712654	Marketing description is not available.
D7712655	Marketing description is not available.
D7712656	Marketing description is not available.
D7712894	The DVR-116D DVD/CD writer supports 20x write speeds on both DVD-R/+R along with the capability to write up to 12x on DVD-R/+R on dual/double layer media.The drive recognizes the disc media and automatically adjusts the write speed to ensure the highest quality digital preservation of vital files.The internal mechanisms of the drive were redesigned to better insulate the distracting noise generated by a disc spinning at extremely fast rotations per minute. The unique interlocking design ensures a low acoustic noise by "trapping" the airflow noise generated by the spinning disc while simultaneously dampening the sounds created by normal drive usage. Through the anti-dust design, an improved chassis insulation aids in the protection of the drive's internal components from dust and small particles that can hinder the drive's operability and life span.
D7712895	PRODUCT FEATURES:Max 20X writing speed for DVD-R/+RMax 12X writing speed for DVD-R DL / +R DLMax 5X reading speed for DVD-RAMMulti-effect LCD Tilt servo compensator mechanismUltra-DRA (Dynamic Resonance Absorber) low vibration mechanismPerformance adjusting firmwareDisc-resonance stabilizerSupports "buffer under run" protection (CD and DVD)
D7713219	Kingston HyperX Kit of 1GB + 2GB is a kit consisting of one 256M x 64-bit 2GB DDR2- 800 plus one 128M x 64-bit 1GB DDR2-800 1GB CL5 SDRAM (Synchronous DRAM) memory modules. The 2GB module is based on sixteen 128M x 8-bit DDR2 FBGA components and the 1GB module is based on sixteen 64M x 8-bit FBGA components. The SPDs are programmed to JEDEC latency timing of 5-5-5-18 at 1.8V. Each 200-pin SODIMM uses gold contact fingers and requires +1.8V.
D7713492	If speed is your thing the SanDisk Ultra II SDHC is the card for you. Custom designed for today's serious photographers, this high capacity card makes transferring data from digital camera to your PC a breeze. Shoot wherever you want, the rugged design can take it.
D7713493	Marketing description is not available.
D7713494	If speed is your thing the SanDisk Ultra II SDHC is the card for you. Custom designed for today's serious photographers, this high capacity card makes transferring data from digital camera to your PC a breeze. Shoot wherever you want, the rugged design can take it.
D7713685	The H7-casing of the XPC Barebone SN78SH7 combines the best features of many successful Shuttle Mini-PCs and is ushering in the next generation. The Mini-PC-Barebone's technical highlights include the use of the NVIDIA GeForce 8200 chipset which already supports DirectX 10 and HDMI. Current graphics cards with PCI Express 2.0 are supported without any problems in this attractive aluminum casing. Purchasers can expect a true "Auditory Cinema" due to the outstanding sound quality produced through the DTS Connect and Dolby Digital Live!
D7713833	To offer the enthusiast's market an ultimate CPU cooler for extreme overclocking, Freezer XTREME, an extremely quiet twin tower CPU cooler especially designed for gamers to fulfill their needs.
D7713834	Stay cool this summer with Arctic Cooling's ARCTIC Breeze, a cool, quiet and portable USB desktop fan offering refreshing breeze in hot, sunny weather!The ARCTIC Breeze outperforms other USB fans in the market. Same as other Arctic Cooling products, the 92mm fan is equipped with a low noise impeller, making it a quiet fan at all speed.Whether it is warm or hot, the ARCTIC Breeze offers you the cooling you need. The fan comes with two levels of speed - 1200rpm and 2000rpm. With the fan speed switch, users can adjust the speed to their preferable level easily, offering the lowest noise level possible.While other USB fans provide only a USB connector, the ARCTIC Breeze provides an on/off switch. Users can switch on and off the fan simply by one click, instead of plugging and unplugging the entire fan. The 1.5m long cable is long enough for your PC case underneath the table. Excess cable can be rolled up under the fan base, keeping your desk nice and tidy.Installation cannot be easier. Just plug the fan directly into a USB port, then you are ready to play with the wind!
D7713951	The Pan/Tilt Internet Camera Server (TV-IP410) provides real-time security surveillance over a large viewing area. Monitor people in your camera's viewing field and manage the camera from any Internet connection.The TV-IP410 provides high quality video streams over a secure connection. This camera's brilliant image quality, pan and tilt functionality and low light recording capabilities make it ideal for home, small office and business use.
D7713952	The Wireless Pan/Tilt Internet Camera Server (TV-IP410W) provides real-time wireless security surveillance over a large viewing area. Monitor people in your camera's viewing field and manage the camera from any Internet connection.The TV-IP410W provides high quality video streams over a secure wireless connection. Advanced intuitive software includes motion detection recording, email alerts and scheduled recordings. This camera's brilliant image quality, pan and tilt functionality and low light recording capabilities make it ideal for home, small office and business use.
D7715290	Enjoy image-perfect detail and clarity. Carl Zeiss optics and autofocus keep images razor-sharp, even in extreme close-ups.
D7716692	PRODUCT FEATURES:IEEE 802.11b and IEEE 802.11g compatible32 bit PC card compatibleSupported data rates 54, 11, 5.5, 2.0, 1.0 Mbps128 bit WEP (Wired Equivalent Privacy) encryptionSupports for WPA and WPA2Realtek-chipsetSuitable for all current network environments
D7716711	Marketing description is not available.
D7717840	Increase your performance with the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core processor. Work or play with multiple programs without any stalling or waiting. Dual-core technology is like having two processors, and two working together is better and faster than one working alone.
D7718643	Day & Night vision (IR)Built-in microphone and external microphone inputMotion detection and alarm notificationReal time MPEG4 or MJPEG network transmissionLow-latency video streaming for sharp and clear imagesHybrid digital/analog video outputMobile surveillance with a J2ME supporting cell phoneExternal audio out
D7719544	The Store 'n' Go Business Secure USB drive is designed for information security and to meet the needs of the corporate, enterprise and government markets. The Store 'n' Go Business Secure USB drive provides a secure means to transport sensitive company information, eliminating the risk of data being lost or stolen.Store 'n' Go Business Secure USB drive's active security features safeguard all device contents, removing the risk of dependence on users to take precautions to protect company information. The 256 bit AES hardware encryption secures confidential data and with the mandatory protection of a strong password, all data is secured from unauthorized access. The drive has many security features, including mandatory password entry, password hashing algorithm and a hack-resistant password entry that erases the data from the device after 10 failed access attempts.The retractable design of the Store 'n Go family protects the USB connectors without the need for a cap. This means no more searching for lost caps in laptop bags and pockets!
D7719546	The Store 'n' Go Business Secure USB drive is designed for information security and to meet the needs of the corporate, enterprise and government markets. The Store 'n' Go Business Secure USB drive provides a secure means to transport sensitive company information, eliminating the risk of data being lost or stolen.Store 'n' Go Business Secure USB drive's active security features safeguard all device contents, removing the risk of dependence on users to take precautions to protect company information. The 256 bit AES hardware encryption secures confidential data and with the mandatory protection of a strong password, all data is secured from unauthorized access. The drive has many security features, including mandatory password entry, password hashing algorithm and a hack-resistant password entry that erases the data from the device after 10 failed access attempts.The retractable design of the Store 'n Go family protects the USB connectors without the need for a cap. This means no more searching for lost caps in laptop bags and pockets!
D7719548	The Store 'n' Go Business Secure USB drive is designed for information security and to meet the needs of the corporate, enterprise and government markets. The Store 'n' Go Business Secure USB drive provides a secure means to transport sensitive company information, eliminating the risk of data being lost or stolen.Store 'n' Go Business Secure USB drive's active security features safeguard all device contents, removing the risk of dependence on users to take precautions to protect company information. The 256 bit AES hardware encryption secures confidential data and with the mandatory protection of a strong password, all data is secured from unauthorized access. The drive has many security features, including mandatory password entry, password hashing algorithm and a hack-resistant password entry that erases the data from the device after 10 failed access attempts.The retractable design of the Store 'n Go family protects the USB connectors without the need for a cap. This means no more searching for lost caps in laptop bags and pockets!
D7720085	Marketing description is not available.
D7720092	PRODUCT FEATURES:Free-plug - modular cable managementDual / Quad core supportPCI-Express V2.0 x2High efficiency up to 85%, low standby consumptionActive PFC
D7720094	Marketing description is not available.
D7721038	AcerAdvantage is a warranty extension program for Acer products. The goal of the AcerAdvantage program is to ensure Acer customers that they can count on dedicated and timely service in order to better use the product they purchased. Your work deserves protection and Acer is offering you the chance to continually use its products with the AcerAdvantage warranty extension program.
D7721046	The Acer Essentials line of notebook carry cases combine a simple and efficient design with an attractive value proposition.This compact top loading case is a slim and lightweight design made for laptop computers with up to 15.4" screens.A spacious main compartment with restraining strap keeps your laptop securely in place, while items which need to keep close to hand can easily be stored in the convenient zippered front pocket.A trolley strap to the rear of the case makes it easy to attach to rolling luggage.
D7721758	The TL-SF1008P 8-port 10/100M Desktop PoE Switch provides the seamless network connection. It integrates 100Mbps Fast Ethernet and 10Mbps Ethernet network capabilities.4 of the 8 auto-negotiation RJ45 ports (port-1 to port-4) of the switch support Power over Ethernet (PoE) function. These PoE ports can automatically detect and supply power with those IEEE 802.3af compliant Powered Devices (PDs). In this situation, the electrical power is transmitted along with data in one single cable allowing you to expand your network where there are no power lines or outlets, where you wish to fix devices such as APs, IP Cameras or IP Phones, etc.TL-SF1008P has the priority function which will help protect the system when the system power is overloaded.TL-SF1008P is easy to install and use. It requires no configuration and installation. With desktop design, outstanding performance and quality, the TP-link TL-SF1008P 8-port 10/100M Desktop PoE Switch is a great selection for expanding your home or office network.
D7723080	The next level in Shuttle's quest for optimum performance! Equipped with up to 8 GB memory, three hard disks and a fingerprint-scanner, Bluetooth, WLAN, 2x Gigabit-LAN and space for two high-speed graphics cards, the XPC Barebone SX48P2 Deluxe knows no limits. The pre-installed 80-PLUS 450 watt power supply was developed specially for Mini-PCs. A digital 8-phase voltage transformer on the mainboard ensures a reliable power supply even at maximum load. Shuttle on the other hand delivers performance and features in the smallest of spaces.
D7723989	This notebook is designed for efficient business computing with style, the TravelMate 5730 offers intense on-the-road performance via the Intel Centrino 2 mobile platform with the Intel Core 2 Duo processor. The Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint solution guards the notebook against unauthorized access while enhanced Acer Disk Anti-Shock Protection (DASP) keeps the hard drive safe from the rigors of mobile use. The Intel Wireless Wi-Fi Link 5100/5300 Wi-Fi certified network connection and Acer Video Conference Manager with the integrated Acer Crystal Eye webcam ensure reliable communication at all times.
D7723991	The TravelMate 7730 boasts enhanced productivity, solid connectivity, maximum expandability, and strict security. These benefits come via the latest Intel Centrino 2 Processor Technology, Intel Turbo Memory support, Intel dual-band quad-mode Wireless WiFi Link, the Acer EasyPort IV connector, Acer DASP (Disk Anti-Shock Protection) and the Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint solution.
D7723994	The TravelMate 7730 boasts enhanced productivity, solid connectivity, maximum expandability, and strict security. These benefits come via the latest Intel Centrino 2 Processor Technology, Intel Turbo Memory support, Intel dual-band quad-mode Wireless WiFi Link, the Acer EasyPort IV connector, Acer DASP (Disk Anti-Shock Protection) and the Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint solution.
D7724167	microSDHC cards offer higher storage for more music, more videos, more pictures, more games - more of everything you need in today's mobile world. The microSDHC card allows you to maximize today's revolutionary mobile devices. Kingston's microSDHC cards use the speed "class" rating of class 4 that guarantee a minimum data transfer rate of 4MB/sec. for optimum performance with devices that use microSDHC.Identical in physical size to today's standard microSD card, the microSDHC cards are designed to comply with SD specification version 2.00 and are only recognized by microSDHC host devices. To ensure compatibility, look for the microSDHC or SDHC logo on host devices (e.g. phones, PDAs, and cameras).Wherever you find yourself in the mobile world, you can trust and rely on Kingston's microSDHC cards.
D7724168	You've trusted Kingston's DataTraveler with your most important files. Now Kingston proudly introduces the sleek and capless DataTraveler 100. It holds all your documents in an affordable, convenient device and helps budget-conscious users break storage barriers, allowing them to easily store and move large files in a device no bigger than a pocketknife.DataTraveler 100 was built with simplicity in mind, allowing you to focus on your data. The USB connector is safely housed inside the sleek case, so you don't have to worry about losing a cap. DataTraveler gives you plenty of room to hold just about any document, from term papers and theses to digital images, spreadsheets or other important documents.
D7724218	The Serial ATA physical, link, and transport layers are compliant to Serial ATA 1.0 up to a 1.5GHz data rate, and scalable to 3.0 GHz data rate by directly doubling the internal clock source. The application layer supports both hard disk drive and ATAPI optical storage such as CR-ROM, CD-RW, DVD-ROM, DVD-RW, etc. The Serial ATA and the Parallel ATA application layer support both host and device operation and can be configured through.
D7724840	It's a smart way to make your life easier. Shuttle provides KPC K48 as your great company at home with the simplest functions. K48 comes as a green cube which consumes very little power and is cost effective to be used as home server or Internet surfing in amazing speed. The quiet K48 produces less than 28dBs is even lower than in a library. Using MyKover, it takes just 1-minute, 2-clicks and 3-steps to customize your PC with much fun!KPC K48 definitely provides a convenient and smart computer solution for you, no matter when you work or enjoy digital entertainment.This product features MyKover: customizable front panel design the enjoyable MyKover styles your home with more fun, just 1-minute, 2-clicks and 3-steps by inserting the stunning pictures behind the crystal panel.
D7725962	With MSI Digi VOX mini USB 2.0, you can really enjoy watching (or recording) Digital TV (DVB-T) on your computer or laptop.
D7727486	The difference gets your business noticed. With the HP ColorSphere toner, get print-shop quality right in your office-vibrant, eye-catching color, sharp text, and realistic photo quality. And maintain peak productivity with consistent, reliable original HP.
D7727721	PRODUCT FEATURES:WriteMaster technologyPowerful high-speed recordingDirect disc labeling: LightScribe
D7727805	The revolutionary design of the Arc Mouse combines the comfort of a desktop mouse and the portability of a notebook mouse. Arc Mouse folds to 60% of its fully expanded size when you're on the go.
D7728408	Long thought to be the market of the conservative gamer, the affordable mainstream products, which use to suffer only adequate performance, now experiences a frame rate revival with the Sapphire HD 3850. Built upon the award-winning Radeon HD 3850 core, the Sapphire 3850 offers a comprehensive feature set that eclipses previous and current mainstream offerings. Unleash the enthusiast inside you with support for advanced technologies such as DirectX 10.1 and Shader Model 4.1. Pair two together for the ultimate gaming experience with CrossFire X support! Jam a Sapphire HD 3850 into your rig and still have some coin left over to buy that title you have been waiting for!
D7728923	The TL-WR941ND Wireless N Router is a combined wired/wireless network connection device designed specifically for small business, office, and home office networking requirements. It complies with the IEEE 802.11n standard with wireless transmission speeds of up to 300M. The router features 4 10/100Mbps ports to achieve the most effective data transmission. It adopts MIMO as well as SST technologies, has three detachable Omni directional antennas providing even better wireless performance, transmission rates, stability and coverage. CCA technology automatically avoids channel conflicts using its channel selection feature. It also works well with other 11g and 11n protocol wireless products.The TL-WR941ND provides multiple security measures; supporting SSID broadcast control, MAC address access control, WEP encryption, WPA/WPA2, and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK authentication. At the same time QSS (Quick Secure Setup) complies with WPS allowing for worry-free wireless security configuration. These combined security features will guard against intruders using stronger, safer protection.The TL-WR941ND allows companies, offices, and homes to share one Internet connection with more computers. Apart from its wireless function, the TL-WR941ND also features 4 interior interchangeable ports allowing you to conveniently connect up to 4 computers directly to the router. Apart from this product's simple setup and more common broadband router functions, it also supports priority of service where applications using a lot of bandwidth that are sensitive to interruptions such as voice and video are given priority in order to assure quality. The router also supports on-demand dialing, online access management, Automatic virus isolation, UPnP, DDNS, advanced system security record, friendly user interface with simple and easy configuration allowing all users to comfortably configure the router. This is a fashionable product with superior performance and should be your first choice when setting up a network.
D7729964	The TravelMate 7730 series boasts enhanced productivity, solid connectivity, maximum expandability, and strict security. These benefits come via the Intel Core 2 Duo processor, Intel Turbo Memory support, Intel dual-band quad-mode Wireless Wi-Fi Link, the Acer EasyPort IV connector, Acer DASP (Disk Anti-Shock Protection) and the Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint solution.
D7730020	PRODUCT FEATURES:Exclusive Glaciator Fansink design7OC cooler than reference designHDMI output: built-in multi-channel 5.1 surround audio over DVI-HDMI adapterASUS splendid: watching movies on PC is as good as on Top-of-the-line consumer televisionASUS gamer OSD: real-time overclocking, benchmarking and video capturing in any PC game!ASUS smart doctor: your intelligent hardware protection and overclocking toolNVIDIA GeForce 9800GTPCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportMicrosoft DirectX 10 and Shader Model 4.0 supportOpenGL 2.0 supportHDCP compliantNVIDIA PureVideo HD technology - essential for the ultimate HD movie experience on a PCNVIDIA Quantum technology - advanced shader processors architected for physics computation
D7730021	PRODUCT FEATURES:600MHz engine clock and 1.8GHz memory clock13°C cooler by ASUS Exclusive Glaciator FansinkNative HDMI on boardHDCP compliantNVIDIA SLI technologyDual dual-link DVI supportNVIDIA PureVideo HD technology
D7730027	PRODUCT FEATURES:Powerful media performanceConsiderate sliding door designExciting gaming experienceSwivel chassis design and clean cable managementSmart PCB module designPowerful performance and speedy platformASUS Q-Fan technology
D7731727	The Dark Power Pro offers sufficient performance for all high-end PCs and sets standards with respect to noise levels, quality, economic efficiency and voltage stability.
D7732029	The Club 3D 9800 GTX+ GPU pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play with NVIDIA PhysX technology, offers extreme HD gaming with 3-way SLI, and provides optimal power management with HybridPower technology. Packing more performance, this GPU offers a first-class entertainment experience.
D7733009	Marketing description is not available.
D7733059	Marketing description is not available.
D7736557	The LCD Rack Console with built-in 8-Port PRO3 KVM Switch enables secure and compact centralized server control. The KVM Switch features dual-port cabling, with cross-platform support for PS/2 and USB servers. With its slim 1U design, the Rack Console fits a standard 19-inch rack and works with any server or KVM switch.
D7736558	The LCD Rack Console with built-in 16-Port PRO3 KVM Switch enables secure and compact centralized server control. The KVM Switch features dual-port cabling, with cross-platform support for PS/2 and USB servers. With its slim 1U design, the Rack Console fits a standard 19-inch rack and works with any server or KVM switch.
D7736969	Engineered for maximum speed! WD VelociRaptor, the member of the unique Western Digital`s class of 10,000 RPM SATA hard drives, combines a SATA 3 Gb/s interface and 16 MB cache to deliver performance that's up to 35% faster than its speedy older brother. At the same time, WD VelociRaptor consumes 35% less power than the previous generation of WD Raptor. Rotary Acceleration Feed Forward optimizes operation and performance when the drives are used in vibration-prone, multi-drive chassis.Ideal for blade servers, performance enthusiast systems, workstations, and low-end servers.
D7736970	Engineered for maximum speed! WD VelociRaptor, the member of the unique Western Digital`s class of 10,000 RPM SATA hard drives, combines a SATA 3 Gb/s interface and 16 MB cache to deliver performance that's up to 35% faster than its speedy older brother. At the same time, WD VelociRaptor consumes 35% less power than the previous generation of WD Raptor. Rotary Acceleration Feed Forward optimizes operation and performance when the drives are used in vibration-prone, multi-drive chassis.Ideal for blade servers, performance enthusiast systems, workstations, and low-end servers.
D7736971	As hard drive capacities increase, the power required to run those drives increases as well. WD Caviar Green drives make it possible for energy-conscious customers to build systems with higher capacities and the right balance of system performance, ensured reliability, and energy conservation.
D7737945	The USB powered Creative Sound Blaster X-Fi Go! uses the acclaimed X-Fi Xtreme Fidelity audio technology to let users experience ultra-realistic gaming with surround sound over headphones. It delivers compelling audio performance for the enjoyment of music, movies and games on the move.
D7740882	The Intel Core 2 Duo processors are built in several of the world's most advanced, high-volume output manufacturing facilities using Intel's leading silicon process technology. The processor family is based on the revolutionary Intel Core microarchitecture, designed to provide powerful yet energy-efficient performance. With the power of dual cores, or computing engines, the processors can manage numerous tasks faster. They also can operate more smoothly when multiple applications are running, such as writing e-mails while downloading music or videos and conducting a virus scan.
D7741972	PRODUCT FEATURES:LGA 775 for Intel Core 2 Extreme / Core 2 Quad / Core 2 Duo / Pentium Dual Core / Celeron, supporting Penryn Quad Core Yorkfield and Dual Core Wolfdale processorsAll solid capacitor designIntel X48 + ICH9R chipsetsSupports FSB1600/1333/1066/800MHz CPUsSupports dual channel DDR3 1600/1333/1066/800 and dual channel DDR2 1066/800/667
D7745575	The Verbatim 3.5'' external hard drive instantly adds high-performace storage in an attractive design for your PC or Mac. The Verbatim 3.5'' hard drive stores thousands of digital photos, videos, MP3 songs and other electronic files. Powered by a 7200 RPM hard drive, the desktop hard drive races through the most demanding audio/video applications, allowing you to work more and wait less. The 3.5'' hard drive delivers outstanding quality, performance and reliability for both professional and home use.
D7745596	The Verbatim 3.5'' external hard drive instantly adds high-performace storage in an attractive design for your PC or Mac. The Verbatim 3.5'' hard drive stores thousands of digital photos, videos, MP3 songs and other electronic files. Powered by a 7200 RPM hard drive, the desktop hard drive races through the most demanding audio/video applications, allowing you to work more and wait less. The 3.5'' hard drive delivers outstanding quality, performance and reliability for both professional and home use.
D7745661	The SanDisk Extreme III cards offer the speed, performance and reliability that serious photographers need to get their photos every time, no matter what the conditions.Extreme III memory cards offer some of the fastest read/write speeds available. What's more, they're built to handle harsh environments, extreme temperatures and high altitudes. That's why photographers rely on Extreme III cards when speed is critical to getting the right shot - no matter what, where or when they shoot.
D7747025	Auto adjusted fan speed control by thermal sensor keeps your system silent and cool all the timeSwitchable white LED light in flash designEasy cleanable long life Twister bearing to run friction-free and noiselessBatwing blades deliver 30% more airflow at lower noiseHALO frame with punched air intake for 20% more air flow4 anti-vibrators eliminate vibration noise
D7747026	Auto adjusted fan speed control by thermal sensor keeps your system silent and cool all the timeSwitchable white LED light in flash designEasy cleanable long life Twister bearing to run friction-free and noiselessBatwing blades deliver 30% more airflow at lower noiseHALO frame with punched air intake for 20% more air flow4 anti-vibrators eliminate vibration noise
D7747027	Revolutionary "TWISTER" Bearing technology with double lifetime than 2 ball-bearingsBatwing blade design and carved halo frame for extra 20% - 30% airflowAuto-adjusted fan speed control to keep your system silent and cool all the timePatented fairy frame structure with aluminum for enhanced stabilityCarved halo frame for minimum noiseDetachable blades for easy cleaningEclipse LED for switching on/off the light
D7747028	High quality material and components achieve more than 100.000 hours cooling even at an extreme 85°C operating temperatureEasy cleanable long life Twister bearing to run friction-free and noiselessBatwing blades deliver 30% more airflow at lower noise4 anti-vibrators eliminate vibration noise
D7747029	Revolutionary "Twister"-bearing with the double lifetime than 2 ball-bearingsThe world first fan can run at 85°CBatwing blade design for extra 20% - 30% airflowDetachable blades for easy cleaningSleeved cables against wire cluttered
D7747030	High-end ATX midi towerFront design with 2 brushed aluminum-wings in curve designScrewless quick release fastener for expansion cards, removable HDD-cage2 CD/DVD-ROM drive flip covers integrated25cm fan on side panel with switchable airflow-direction, speed control and LED on/off function12cm front fan with blue/red LED lightEasy cleanable micro-dust filter in front panelOpenings for external water coolingScrewless quick release fastener for drive-baysPrepared for one back-fan
D7748332	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7748333	ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
D7748631	With an onboard RV610 based GPU, the M3A78-CM motherboard from ASUS is an excellent choice for users who require an onboard VGA. Utilizing the 780V Chipset from AMD and offering support for AM2/AM2+ Phenom CPUs and dual displays, the M3A78-CM is a great choice for users who require more than one display.
D7748833	With the Standard series, users can enjoy all the benefits of LG's advanced LCD screen technology. This not only eliminates glare, image distortion and screen flicker, but also allows clear, convenient and comfortable viewing without causing tiredness.
D7749768	HP Color LaserJet CC531A Cyan Print Cartridge creates high-impact promotional materials with improved HP ColorSphere toner. You can see the difference. Vibrant color and bold graphics grab attention. Realistic photos and images say more than words. Crisp, easy-to-read text and sharp detail communicate clearly. Count on easy-to-use original HP supplies for consistent, reliable, fast performance and peak productivity.
D7750493	PRODUCT FEATURES:ATA security mode feature setSATA native command queuing featureATA S.M.A.R.T. feature setTuMR/PMR head with FOD technologySilentSeekSerial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportNoiseGuardLoad/Unload Head technology
D7750495	The Spinpoint MP2 features 7200rpm speed rotation, SATA II 3.0 Gbps interface and native command queuing functions for advanced performance. Samsung's proprietary SilentSeek and NoiseGuard technologies are incorporated in the drive to offer ultra quiet operation.
D7752675	Your work, your photos, your songs, your digital video, your memories. Take them all with you in Maxtor's portable shock-protected hard drive. Ideal for home and office, it's easy to use. Just connect the USB cable into your PC or Mac and it immediately appears as another drive on your computer.Storage made simple, it can hold up to 25,600 digital photos (JPEG normal), or 1330 hours of digital music (MP3), or 80 hours of digital video.Maxtor has been providing proven, reliable storage solutions for over 20 years. The industrial design of this generation of external hard drives includes shock protection, EMI protection and the SATA hard drive technology. Maxtor continues to stand behind quality.
D7752676	Your work, your photos, your songs, your digital video, your memories. Take them all with you in Maxtor's portable shock-protected hard drive. Ideal for home and office, it's easy to use. Just connect the USB cable into your PC or Mac and it immediately appears as another drive on your computer.Storage made simple, it can hold up to 25,600 digital photos (JPEG normal), or 1330 hours of digital music (MP3), or 80 hours of digital video.Maxtor has been providing proven, reliable storage solutions for over 20 years. The industrial design of this generation of external hard drives includes shock protection, EMI protection and the SATA hard drive technology. Maxtor continues to stand behind quality.
D7753401	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards. Dollar-for-dollar, this GPU packs great performance.
D7753990	The LG Super-Multi GH20NS15 internal DVD Rewriter features 20x DVD±R write speed and SecurDisc technology. SecurDisc is an innovative technology which provides five levels of security to protect and share data securely. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH20NS15 reads and writes in many formats. Burn and guard your data with the LG GH20NS15.
D7754302	PRODUCT FEATURES:ASUS powerful fansink: 13°C cooler comparing to generic designNative HDMI on boardHDCP compliantNVIDIA SLI technologyDual dual-link DVI supportNVIDIA PureVideo HD technology
D7754658	Ready for the next dimension in gaming performance, custom tuning, and action? Then grab on to the Microsoft SideWinder X6 keyboard - the powerful companion to the Microsoft line of award-winning SideWinder gaming mice. This breakthrough keyboard incorporates a host of powerful features, including a detachable key pad, in-game macro recording, a full media key set, automatic and manual mode/profile switching, two-color dimmable backlighting, and much more. Plus, at the touch of a button, it doubles as your high-performance keyboard for everyday computing.
D7754661	For years, you've used servers in the office. It's time to start using one at home. With Windows Home Server, you can easily back up, access, share, and store all your family's digital media.With Power Pack 1 your Windows Home Server experience just got easier, faster, and more reliable. Power Pack 1 is a complete set of enhancements for your Windows Home Server. It combines all previous updates, fixes known issues, and adds new features to improve how you protect, connect and share your files and digital content.
D7755715	The Club 3D HD3650 is built for extreme HD video experience and gaming. Excellent image quality and rock solid driver support will guarantee the best possible graphics experience on your desktop PC. Be ready to boost your games and enhance your HD Video content.
D7755718	Experience the power without a hefty price tag with the SLI -Ready Club 3D 9500 GT Passive Heatpipe Editon. Get a supreme visual experience and realistic gameplay in today's most popular games. An improved 3D allows easy management of photos and videos while the revolutionary PureVideo HD engine offers unmatched video-watching.
D7755719	Experience the power without a hefty price tag with the SLI-Ready Club 3D 9500 GT. Get a supreme visual experience and realistic gameplay in most popular games. An improved 3D experience with Microsoft Windows Vista allows easy management of photos and videos while the revolutionary PureVideo HD engine offers unmatched video-watching.Designed for latest game generations that use technologies such as HDR. This improves the natural look and feel of a game by adding far more color complexity and extreme wide contrast ratio. On top of this excellent features and new techniques are added to improve the overall image quality in your games.
D7755774	Believe it or not - the best just got better. For the first time ever, 2.4 teraFLOPS of graphics horse power, 1600 stream processors and GDDR5 memory have been combined to create the fastest and most powerful graphics card available today.
D7756102	Marketing description is not available.
D7756105	Marketing description is not available.
D7757773	PRODUCT FEATURES:World's fastest 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interface
D7757787	PRODUCT FEATURES:Incredibly fast 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interfaceLightScribe support
D7758891	Engineered for maximum speed! WD VelociRaptor, the member of the unique Western Digital`s class of 10,000 RPM SATA hard drives, combines a SATA 3 Gb/s interface and 16 MB cache to deliver performance that's up to 35% faster than its speedy older brother. At the same time, WD VelociRaptor consumes 35% less power than the previous generation of WD Raptor. Rotary Acceleration Feed Forward optimizes operation and performance when the drives are used in vibration-prone, multi-drive chassis.Ideal for blade servers, performance enthusiast systems, workstations, and low-end servers.
D7759018	PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 2.0 and USB 1.1 compatible4 x USB A, female (USB 1.1 and 2.0 devices)Maximum data transfer rate 480 Mbps (USB 2.0)Over current protection on all outputs"Hot-plug" and "PnP" compatiblePower supply via PC power supply
D7759029	Universal adjustable wall mount and tilting for 65" LCD/Plasma TVEasy installation and strong combination bothPivot upwards and downwards 26º
D7760555	The Wireless N USB Adapter allows you to connect a laptop or desktop computer wirelessly with supercharged speed and reliability. Upgrade to TRENDnet's Wireless N USB Adapter and enjoy faster than wired speeds with a wireless connection.Setup is a breeze with Wi-Fi Protected Setup technology. Advanced wireless encryption protects your valuable data. The MIMO antenna technology ensures the fastest communication speeds that Wireless N technology provides. Stream media, download files, play games and talk online when connected to a wireless N router.
D7760557	The Wireless N home router delivers the highest level of security with 12x the speed and 4x the range of Wireless G products. Quickly install the router and use it with TRENDnet wireless n adapters to receive the full benefits of Wireless N speed and coverage.Wireless encryption and a secure firewall provide the ultimate in wired and wireless security. Advanced Multiple Input Multiple Output (MIMO) antenna technology delivers expansive coverage and eliminates dead spots. A quick and intuitive installation process, one touch wireless connection using Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) and advanced management capabilities make this product well suited for your most demanding home networking needs.
D7760608	Marketing description is not available.
D7760609	Marketing description is not available.
D7760610	Marketing description is not available.
D7760618	Marketing description is not available.
D7760619	Marketing description is not available.
D7761293	The GA-EG43M-S2H based on the Intel G43 chipset supports Intel 45nm CPUs and integrates support for HDMI, DVI and HDCP, creating a powerful multi-media platform which allows users to do more at once. At the heart of the Intel G43 Express chipset is the Intel X4500 graphics media accelerator, which features several unique innovations including more execution units for enhanced 3D performance and Intel Clear Video technology for sharper images and precise color control. The G43 chipset also supports smoother HD video playback, and includes support for Blu-ray and HD-DVD formats.
D7762360	The Logitech QuickCam 3000 for Business with plug-and-play simplicity and high-quality video gives businesses an easy and economical videoconferencing solution.Designed to provide an easy and economical videoconferencing solution, the Logitech QuickCam 3000 for Business delivers true plug-and-play video calling for users of multiple system. VGA-quality video (640 x 480 pixels) at up to 30 frames per second means you can enjoy images with an impressive level of detail and fluidity. The webcam comes with the versatile universal monitor clip, as well as an additional tripod socket base that allows the webcam to be mounted securely on desks, walls or other fixtures.
D7762369	Turbocharge your performance with the authentic MOMO racing wheel. Designed by racing professionals, the full rubber wheel, stick shifter and racing pedals feel just like the real thing. With advanced force feedback technology, you'll experience the road like never before, whether you're into stock car, rally or formula racing. Two paddle shifters allow for fast gear changes with both hands on the wheel; or choose the manual shift knob for precise sequential shifting. Foot pedals are mounted on a large, stable base. Six programmable buttons, 240 degrees of wheel rotation and a triple clamping system complete the ultimate racing experience.
D7762876	Engineered to exceed the exacting demands of the world's top professional gamers, the highly-adaptable Razer Goliathus Speed Edition successfully melds the full-scale speed, acceleration and razor-sharp responsiveness of hard mats with the precise control and comfort offered by uncoated soft pads. Boasting an improved iteration of Razer's award-winning woven fiber technology, every inch of the Razer Goliathus Speed Edition's durable surface is a glide-versus-resistance sweet spot, making it suitable for all mouse sensitivity setups and play styles.
D7766123	Enjoy groundbreaking gaming experience with cutting edge ASUS EAH4850.
D7766127	PRODUCT FEATURES:Native HDMI outputPCI Express 2.0Full HD technologyHybrid Graphics multi-GPU system
D7766141	With an onboard Nvidia 8 series GPU, the M3N78-EM motherboard from ASUS offers support for HDMI and the latest AM2 CPUs, including 140W. With ASUS Express Gate, you can access online functions in seconds and save power, with ASUS EPU Technology.
D7766145	Elegance is the instant emotion of exquisite sophistication - a feeling the LS221H 22" LCD screen exudes with both its sapphire-hard protection glass screen and its smooth, soft leather panel. Thought and perfect execution has been put into every edge and surface of this masterfully-crafted monitor. And to further increase your viewing pleasure, it is powerfully equipped with innovative video technologies. Externally and internally, elegant and enhanced - a true reflection on ASUS's high standard of style and substance.As the world's slimmest, its side profile is so amazingly thin for a 22" wide screen that it looks more like a magazine. Its diamond cut corners and edges lend a touch of smoothness to balance with the clean lines. The aesthetically slim and elegant outlook of the LS221H exudes a lustrous gloss that subtly attracts your attention.
D7768994	Marketing description is not available.
D7769765	PRODUCT FEATURES:World's fastest 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interface
D7769899	Palm-sized, durable and stylish with outstanding performance and capacity, Verbatim Portable Hard Drive offers the ultimate convenient, highly portable data storage solution. Verbatim Hard Drive combines the best features of hard drive designs in one attractive package. Quite simply, the Verbatim Portable Hard Drive provides quality without compromise.
D7770836	The latest entry into iiyama's 'value' range of products is the E2607WSV, a high definition, 2msec 26" LCD solution perfect for today's demanding applications. Superb color quality is achieved by a high contrast ratio and the option to enhance color further by enabling advanced contrast ratio. The 'OptiColor' features allow quick and simple adjustment of the color settings to suit the application or mood. 5 watt speakers offer stereo audio performance well above the average multimedia display available today.
D7774428	Toshiba's range of portable external hard drives epitomizes its belief in enhancing yet simplifying our lifestyle: artlessly remove the external hard drive from the package and just "plug and play."As the Toshiba Portable External Hard Drive was designed to be placed on the desk or taken on the go, careful attention was invested in the overall aesthetic and technology. To the touch, the sleek and highly glossed ergonomic design fits neatly in the palms of the hands or can be slipped smoothly into the pockets or even in the small internal sleeve of a briefcase. An anti-slip underside ensures that that the external hard drive stays fixated to all surfaces but can be easily and quickly removed. Last but not least, Toshiba's shock protection and ramp load technology helps protect your drive from unexpected rough handling.
D7774430	PRODUCT FEATURES:Smooth and comfortable to the touch: sleek and glossy finishUSB powered for ultimate portabilitySmall size saves desktop space and increases mobilityPlug & Play: ready to go out of the boxShock protection and ramp loading technology to help protect your driveSimple solution for backup or increasing computer storage
D7774434	Toshiba's range of portable external hard drives epitomizes its belief in enhancing yet simplifying our lifestyle: artlessly remove the external hard drive from the package and just "plug and play."As the Toshiba Portable External Hard Drive was designed to be placed on the desk or taken on the go, careful attention was invested in the overall aesthetic and technology. To the touch, the sleek and highly glossed ergonomic design fits neatly in the palms of the hands or can be slipped smoothly into the pockets or even in the small internal sleeve of a briefcase. An anti-slip underside ensures that that the external hard drive stays fixated to all surfaces but can be easily and quickly removed. Last but not least, Toshiba's shock protection and ramp load technology helps protect your drive from unexpected rough handling.
D7774728	Marketing description is not available.
D7775048	The Spire Fourier II is a copper based high end versatile cooler that will fit your cooling and acoustic requirements without compromising.
D7775050	The BlueStar fan series are the newest silent fan models resulted from years of experience in the "thermal industry". Engineers at Spire have created the BlueStar fans with two main concerns in mind, powerful airflow and whisper silent performance. Spire engineers have reduced the spokes that hold the fan motor and elevated these to create a greater air intake area and to reduce the resistance of spokes which sometimes can cause a high-pitched sound.
D7775142	The K9A2GM mainboard series utilizes AMD's 780G chipset which provides full HD, best-in-class 3D graphics performance, enhanced scalability, and "rock-solid stability" for mainstream gaming, multimedia and commercial PC systems. The K9A2GM mainboard series is based on the micro-ATX form factor. It supports 7.1 channel format of audio for your listening pleasure.
D7775143	Marketing description is not available.
D7775144	Supports FSB 800/1066/1333MHzSupports dual channel, DDR2 667/800Hi-Speed USB (USB 2.0) controllerACPI 2.0 compliantSupports four unbuffered DIMM of 1.8-volt DDR2 SDRAMSupports dual channel DDR2 memory architectureSupports DDR2 667/800 memory interfaceThree 32-bit PCI v2.3 master PCI bus slotsSupport 3.3v/5v PCI bus interfaceOne ultra DMA 66/100 IDE controllerChip integrated by Realtek ALC888Flexible 8-channel audio with jack sensingCompliant with Azalia 1.0 spec
D7775145	PRODUCT FEATURES:Key components status hardware monitorAuto speed up with system loading changeThe MSI Live Update online is designed to automatically download and update the BIOS and driverHi-Speed USB (USB2.0) controllerSupports PCI Express LAN 10/100/1000 Fast Ethernet by Realtek 8111C
D7775146	PRODUCT FEATURES:Key components status hardware monitorMonitor the Dual Core CPU each unit statusOptimize System status defineAuto speed up with system loading change
D7775154	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series graphics card supports HDMI with audio integration solution. With a DVI-to-HDMI adapter and an extra signal cord through the bracket, audio source from sound card (S/PDIF) can be integrated into HDMI interface by simply plugging the cord into the pinhead located on graphics card. Only 1 single HDMI cable is required while streaming audio/video data to flat-panel display devices, such as Plasma/LCD TVs, or projector.
D7775159	MSI N9800GT series supports the NVIDIA PhysX technology, enabling a class of physical gaming interaction for a more dynamic and realistic experience with GeForce.NVIDIA HybridPower technology delivers graphics performance when you need it and lowpower operation when you don't. HybridPower technology lets you switch from your GeForce N9800 GT graphics card to your motherboard GeForce GPU when running less graphically intensive applications for a silent, low power PC experience.CUDA technology unlocks the power of the GPU's processor cores to accelerate the most demanding system tasks - such as video transcending delivering incredible performance improvements over traditional CPUs.
D7776945	When you need speed, go with SanDisk Extreme III 30MB/s Edition and get more out of your advanced camera with the world's fastest SDHC card.Lightning-fast speed gives you professional-grade responsiveness, for the longest consecutive shooting performance of any SDHC card available today - and faster photo and video transfers from camera to computer, too.Guaranteed to withstand even the most severe extremes - from Arctic Circle to Sahara Desert conditions - Extreme III cards are ready to go anywhere, anytime.
D7776946	When you need speed, go with SanDisk Extreme III 30MB/s Edition and get more out of your advanced camera with the world's fastest SDHC card.Lightning-fast speed gives you professional-grade responsiveness, for the longest consecutive shooting performance of any SDHC card available today - and faster photo and video transfers from camera to computer, too.Guaranteed to withstand even the most severe extremes - from Arctic Circle to Sahara Desert conditions - Extreme III cards are ready to go anywhere, anytime.
D7776947	When you need speed, go with SanDisk Extreme III 30MB/s Edition and get more out of your advanced camera with the world's fastest SDHC card.Lightning-fast speed gives you professional-grade responsiveness, for the longest consecutive shooting performance of any SDHC card available today - and faster photo and video transfers from camera to computer, too.Guaranteed to withstand even the most severe extremes - from Arctic Circle to Sahara Desert conditions - Extreme III cards are ready to go anywhere, anytime.
D7777003	The Club 3D HD4870 X2 Dual GPU Graphics Card is the first choice for extreme gaming with exceptional high framerates and latest DirectX 10.1 technology. It is designed to play today's most intense and feature rich PC games at high definition resolutions. 1600 powerful streamprocessors and 2x 256-bit memory bandwidth will guarantee maximum performance and rock solid stability when rendering the most complex 3D scenes in your PC games.Build for latest game generations that use technologies such as HDR. This improves the natural look and feel of a game by adding far more color complexity and extreme wide contrast ratio.
D7777051	The 'flagship' product from iiyama is the E2607WS, a high definition, 2msec 26" LCD solution perfect for today's demanding applications. Superb color quality is achieved by a 1000:1 contrast ratio by enabling advanced contrast ratio. The 'OptiColour' features allows quick and simple adjustment of the color settings to suit the application or mood. 5 watt speakers offer stereo audio performance well above the average multimedia display available today. The three input configuration of HDMI, DVI and analog guarantees compatibility with the flexibility to switch between multiple sources.
D7777823	Faster clocks, double the transistor density of earlier 65 nm technology. 55nm technology helped make HD4870X2 series products the most advanced GPUs ever highest clocks speeds, incredible feature integration, full performance and precision all the time, and ability to take advantage of future, higher-speed memories.ATI Avivo HD continues to provide brilliant colors, sharp images, smooth playback of Blu-ray and HD DVD content, and adds enhanced connectivity through DisplayPort, HDMI with built-in multi-channel digital audio, and on some GPUs, Unified Video Decoding (UVD). UVD is designed to enable a cool and quiet media PC with low GPU and CPU power requirements and playback of full HD 1080p content.
D7777827	PRODUCT FEATURES:Powerful media performanceConsiderate sliding door designExciting gaming experienceSwivel chassis design and clean cable managementSmart PCB module designPowerful performance and speedy platformASUS Q-Fan technology
D7778514	Combining trustworthy performance, essential features and affordability, the ASUS V2-M2NC61P is a simple and high-performance PC built with recognized quality and the latest technology that is ideal for budget conscious users and everyday applications.Designed to be easily manage and deploy, the ASUS V2-M2NC61P is a space saving PC with exceptional value and performance delivered through proven technology. If you are looking for a solid and stylish PC to balance the tempo of your life, the ASUS V2-M2NC61P is definitely your best choice! ASUS V2-M2NC61P, the PC that grant you out-of-the-box productivity and most fun!The ASUS V2-M2NC61P offers practical functionality for both home users and enterprise. With its capability to upgrade into a multimedia machine, through 2 x PCI, 1 x PCI-e x16, and 2 optical drive bays, the ASUS V2-M2NC61P made PC expansion easy and remarkable. Get ready to enjoy all of your needs for both work and play with ASUS V2-M2NC61P!
D7779121	ICY BOX IB-MP308 is an advanced HDD network media player. It is the nerve center of the media you operate. It plays video, music and pictures via output equipment like TV set, home cinema equipment or stereo. It is capable to deliver full high definition - 1920 x 1080 p - TV and video output. It commands all usual video and audio formats and many less usual as well.The ICY BOX IB-MP308 is designed for users who are familiar with local area networks (LANs) as well as for users who have only vague or no knowledge of LANs.Integrated into a LAN, also a wireless LAN, the ICY BOX IB-MP308 accesses all available data sources, provided by the TV tuner, a stereo or camcorder, the PC or Mac, a NAS or an external HDD, a USB stick or the Internet.It is also able to work without a network. Then a HDD containing the media data should be installed.Anyway, the command of videos, music or pictures should be via the ICY BOX IB-MP308 as it saves a lot of energy compared to the PC. Using the remote control you easily operate the ICY BOX IB-MP308 using the on-screen menu.
D7779400	When superior quality and versatility are requirements, the Plantronics .Audio 355 multimedia headset is for you. 40mm speakers deliver studio-quality audio with maximum bass response. Don't just hear music, DVDs, and games - feel them. For Skype, Windows Live, or Yahoo! Messenger Internet calling, a QuickAdjust microphone provides precise placement and noise-canceling features ensure that Internet callers can hear you clearly. When you're listening to music or watching DVDs, the microphone rotates discreetly out of the way. Inline controls let you adjust music volume or mute the microphone with just a touch. Lightweight and flexible, the headset is comfortable for hours of use.
D7779401	Because your hardware should be as powerful as your gaming skills, the GameCom 377 gaming headset delivers rugged construction and vigorous sound. A lightweight frame and specially designed ear pads redistribute pressure for maximum comfort, while the open-ear design lets you catch all the in-game sound effects without losing touch with your surroundings. When you're ready to fire off orders, unveil the hidden, noise-canceling microphone boom to strategize clearly with team members. Responses coming in? Adjust audio levels using in-line volume and mic-mute controls. When you're done, rotate and tuck the microphone boom inside the headset - then let your score do the talking.
D7779402	The closed-ear GameCom 367 gaming headset delivers an immersive audio experience with 60mm stereo speakers and specially designed earpods that redistribute pressure for maximum comfort. When you're ready to fire off orders, unveil the hidden, noise-canceling microphone boom to strategize clearly with team members. Responses coming in? Adjust audio levels using in-line volume and micmute controls. When you're done, rotate and tuck the microphone boom inside the headset - then let your score do the talking. This Plantronics headset is rugged, military-like design and extra-strength cables keep your hardware hardcore - game after game after game.
D7779403	This open-eared headset with 5.1 Dolby headphone technology gives you an unparalleled audio advantage that lets you hear your opponents before you see them. Connect with the Dolby USB sound card for a true 5.1 experience. But if needed, an analog connection is also provided. Stay comfortable with a lightweight frame and specially designed ear pods that redistribute pressure. When you're ready to fire off orders, unveil the hidden, noise-canceling microphone boom to strategize clearly with team members. Responses coming in? Adjust audio levels using in-line volume and mic-mute controls.
D7779560	Superior hardware design700+MHz core clock, 1000+ (DDR 2000+) MHz memory clockHigh performance two-slot dual cooling fansDual DVI (dual-link DVI, support up to 2560 x 1600) and video out with S-video/composite/HDTV supportProvides world-class HDTV-out functionality up to 1080i resolutionSupports two monitors simultaneously, enabled by ATI's Multi-Display technologyATI's powerful TeraScale graphics engine features deliver high resolution and fast frame ratesUnified superscalar shader architectureMicrosoft DirectX 10.1 supportATI's CrossFireX technologyPCI Express 2.0 supportAvivo HD video and display platformATI PowerPlay technology
D7781819	This slim, stylish 22" widescreen LCD offers a 50% reduction (40W) in power consumption, leading the way in environmentally friendly computer screens.
D7782664	Maxtor DiamondMax 22 hard drive follows the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. This drive provides a value solution for applications needing high-capacity storage.DiamondMax 22 hard drive utilizes proven Seagate second-generation perpendicular magnetic recording technology with features and value that can go head-to-head with any competitor.DiamondMax 22 drives use the SATA 3Gb/s interface with Native Command Queuing.
D7782665	Maxtor DiamondMax 22 hard drive follows the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions. This drive provides a value solution for applications needing high-capacity storage.DiamondMax 22 hard drive utilizes proven Seagate second-generation perpendicular magnetic recording technology with features and value that can go head-to-head with any competitor.DiamondMax 22 drives use the SATA 3Gb/s interface with Native Command Queuing.
D7783403	Small wall mounting for up to 42" LCD/TFT TVsSupports VESA standard dimensions
D7783404	Simple heavy loading wall mount for up to 42" LCD/TFT TVMeets VESA standardsEasy to install and 360° flexibleSwivel left and right 20 degreesPivot upwards and downwards 20 degreesLCD monitor swivel 360 degrees
D7783405	Articulating wall mount for up to 32" LCD/TFT TVEasy installation and strong combination bothMeets VESA standardsSwivel left and right 20/180 degreesPivot upwards and downwards 20 degrees
D7783632	Marketing description is not available.
D7783968	The Club 3D HD4870 Overclocked Edition is designed for the best gaming experience possible with the full DirectX10.1 feature set. Unlimited detail and ultra high frame rates in today's hottest PC games add life like environment lightings to your games and hiccup-free, ultra smooth gameplay. A must have when looking for extreme graphics power for your precious and brute gaming rig.Gaming performance builds for game generations that use technologies such as HDR. This improves the natural look and feel of a game by adding far more color complexity and extreme wide contrast ratio. On top of this excellent features and techniques are added to improve the overall image quality in your games.
D7787553	PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports FSB1333/1066/800MHz CPUsSupports Dual Channel DDR3 1066/800 (2 x DIMM slots) with maxIntel Graphics Media Accelerator X4500, Pixel Shader 4.0, DirectX 10, max1 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slot6 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functionsPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports HDCP function with ASRock DVI DisplayPort cardSupports full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD) / HD-DVD playback with ASRock DVI DisplayPort card1 x WiFi/E headerSupports ASRock OC Tuner, I. O. T. (Intelligent Overclocking Technology)Supports smart BIOS, energy saving design
D7788105	Protect your notebook and the personal information you have stored from theft. Lock it with this easy to use LogiLink security lock and your personal key.
D7789115	The Twin2X4096-8500C5 is a 4096 megabytes matched pair of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs. This part delivers outstanding performance in the generation of dual-channel DDR2-based motherboards. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15.
D7789981	PRODUCT FEATURES:Common Criteria EAL 3+ certified for electronic signaturesPC/SC smart card readerSecure PIN input"Single-handed operation" with high weight and stable standingCT-Api supportChipcard reader for use with the electronic Health Card and health insurance cardCCID compatible
D7790791	The 7-inch touch panel is embedded in a creative media center gadget which delivers various applications with the easiest operation. Through surveillance software and equipment, it gives the convenient way to secure your home. D10 is designed as standalone media center to experience the digital entertainment with the touch screen or a remote control directly; especially the Shuttle-designed software provides multimedia applications by friendly interface enable children and the elderly to use.Supporting the dual display conveniently with the clear and expanded view to let you enjoy the favorite entertainment and monitor the security of the house simultaneously. It's absolutely modern the simple for your home!It's time to abandon your keyboard, mouse and monitor! You can experience the digital entertainment easily by one click that means D10 can connect to the big screen TV directly and users can enjoy movies, TV programs, Internet surfing and music with touch screen clicking or the IR remote control to let you got the whole entertainment and enjoyment in your hand instantly! The innovative Shuttle-design software with graphic user interface delivers various multimedia applications in an interactive demo, which offers the simplest way for the operation.D10 can support the surveillance software and equipment by Internet monitoring to enhance the home safety. Not only can monitor the status of the house by the touch screen at home but also can access Windows net meeting online when you are in the office, cafe, stations or airport, helps the users to receive the real-time information. It offers an easy-to-use and cost saving method for users to manage the video efficiently.D10 is certified the 80 PLUS performance specification by equipping PFC active power supply to save power consumption and provide quiet environment, which produce less than 30 dBs while enjoy your favorite entertainment.
D7791152	Marketing description is not available.
D7791454	The FLATRON wide format series are the finest monitors that epitomize a wide variety of cutting-edge technologies. High-tech design, best picture quality and ergonomic functionality optimize the user environment. Play movies, play games, play wide, play LG!
D7791522	PRODUCT FEATURES:SATA native command queuing feature setEnable/disable staggered spin-upHot-plug and presence detectDevice initiated power managementATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantATA automatic acoustic management feature setATA 48-bit address feature setAsynchronous notificationNoiseGuardSilentSeek
D7792154	Marketing description is not available.
D7793433	Challenging a generations of PC mod-ding, the Cooler Master V8 revs up ahead with its tough guard cooling engine. Superior in its design, this wicked-fun V8 monster has enough horsepower to out-perform its duties with any high-performance CPU while under the most critical heat conditions. On top of its stylish finish, the V8 Cooler has quite some rich features. For heat dissipation it is supported with its smart 180W cooling solution. Modularized by 4 separate set of aluminum fins and linked by 8 diagonal up-rise heat pipes, the V8 structural design allows speedy heat transfer to a large heat dissipation surface. Another excellent key feature of the V8 is its precision fan control. The V8 is compatible with all current CPU sockets, and provides unsurpassed cooling performance.The V8 certainly is one of Cooler Master's innovative hallmark.
D7793644	Symantec's Norton AntiVirus is the world's most trusted antivirus solution. Norton AntiVirus 2009 offers the same level of protection along with new features and improvements. It removes viruses and security risks automatically; heuristically detects spyware threats, detects and blocks Internet worm attacks, and protects email.
D7793646	Symantec's Norton AntiVirus is the world's most trusted antivirus solution. Norton AntiVirus 2009 offers the same level of protection along with new features and improvements. It removes viruses and security risks automatically; heuristically detects spyware threats, detects and blocks Internet worm attacks, and protects email.
D7793647	Norton AntiVirus 2009 provides fast, continuous protection against viruses, spyware, worms, bots, and other malicious threats. It protects your system without slowing you down. Rapid pulse updates and an innovative new architecture dramatically improve performance and help to ensure that you're protected from new threats.Norton AntiVirus stays out of your way while you work or play. It automatically suspends all non-critical tasks and alerts when you're enjoying games and movies. And while web-based attacks may be the single fastest growing type of online threat, Symantec's patent-pending Browser protection lets you surf the Internet with confidence.
D7793648	Norton AntiVirus 2009 provides fast, continuous protection against viruses, spyware, worms, bots, and other malicious threats. It protects your system without slowing you down. Rapid pulse updates and an innovative new architecture dramatically improve performance and help to ensure that you're protected from new threats.Norton AntiVirus stays out of your way while you work or play. It automatically suspends all non-critical tasks and alerts when you're enjoying games and movies. And while web-based attacks may be the single fastest growing type of online threat, Symantec's patent-pending Browser protection lets you surf the Internet with confidence.
D7793649	PRODUCT FEATURES:Proven fastest, lightest security suite availableIntelligence-driven Norton Insight technology targets only those files at risk for faster, fewer, shorter scansInstalls in under one minute on average requires less than 7 MB of memoryDelivers up-to-the-minute protection with rapid pulse updates every 5 to 15 minutesThe Norton Protection System provides multilayered protection technologies that work in concert to stop threats before they impact youReal-time SONAR (Symantec Online Network for Advanced Response) helps prevent bots from taking control of your PCPrevents threats from entering your firewallDetects and automatically removes online threatsDefends against Web-based attacks with patent-pending technologyAutomatically detects and removes spyware, viruses, Trojans, bots and Internet wormsBoots and repairs badly infected PCsKeeps your online identity safer than ever when you buy, bank, browse, and game onlineStores and encrypts your passwords and other confidential dataFills in online forms at your request to save time and protect you from keystroke loggersPuts every element of your security at your fingertipsSchedules resource intensive tasks for when you're not using your PCReview the security status of every process on your PCSilent mode suspends alerts and updates to avoid interrupting or slowing games and moviesSmart two-way firewall automatically makes security decisions for youHelps you secure your home networkConceals and secures your PC on public Wi-Fi networksCreate individual user profiles with enhanced parental controlsFilters spam better than ever
D7793650	PRODUCT FEATURES:Proven fastest, lightest security suite availableIntelligence-driven Norton Insight technology targets only those files at risk for faster, fewer, shorter scansInstalls in under one minute on average requires less than 7 MB of memoryDelivers up-to-the-minute protection with rapid pulse updates every 5 to 15 minutesThe Norton Protection System provides multilayered protection technologies that work in concert to stop threats before they impact youReal-time SONAR (Symantec Online Network for Advanced Response) helps prevent bots from taking control of your PCPrevents threats from entering your firewallDetects and automatically removes online threatsDefends against Web-based attacks with patent-pending technologyAutomatically detects and removes spyware, viruses, Trojans, bots and Internet wormsBoots and repairs badly infected PCsKeeps your online identity safer than ever when you buy, bank, browse, and game onlineStores and encrypts your passwords and other confidential dataFills in online forms at your request to save time and protect you from keystroke loggersPuts every element of your security at your fingertipsSchedules resource intensive tasks for when you're not using your PCReview the security status of every process on your PCSilent mode suspends alerts and updates to avoid interrupting or slowing games and moviesSmart two-way firewall automatically makes security decisions for youHelps you secure your home networkConceals and secures your PC on public Wi-Fi networksCreate individual user profiles with enhanced parental controlsFilters spam better than ever
D7793652	PRODUCT FEATURES:Proven fastest, lightest security suite availableIntelligence-driven Norton Insight technology targets only those files at risk for faster, fewer, shorter scansInstalls in under one minute on average requires less than 7 MB of memoryDelivers up-to-the-minute protection with rapid pulse updates every 5 to 15 minutesThe Norton Protection System provides multilayered protection technologies that work in concert to stop threats before they impact youReal-time SONAR (Symantec Online Network for Advanced Response) helps prevent bots from taking control of your PCPrevents threats from entering your firewallDetects and automatically removes online threatsDefends against Web-based attacks with patent-pending technologyAutomatically detects and removes spyware, viruses, Trojans, bots and Internet wormsBoots and repairs badly infected PCsKeeps your online identity safer than ever when you buy, bank, browse, and game onlineStores and encrypts your passwords and other confidential dataFills in online forms at your request to save time and protect you from keystroke loggersPuts every element of your security at your fingertipsSchedules resource intensive tasks for when you're not using your PCReview the security status of every process on your PCSilent mode suspends alerts and updates to avoid interrupting or slowing games and moviesSmart two-way firewall automatically makes security decisions for youHelps you secure your home networkConceals and secures your PC on public Wi-Fi networksCreate individual user profiles with enhanced parental controlsFilters spam better than ever
D7793653	PRODUCT FEATURES:Proven fastest, lightest security suite availableIntelligence-driven Norton Insight technology targets only those files at risk for faster, fewer, shorter scansInstalls in under one minute on average requires less than 7 MB of memoryDelivers up-to-the-minute protection with rapid pulse updates every 5 to 15 minutesThe Norton Protection System provides multilayered protection technologies that work in concert to stop threats before they impact youReal-time SONAR (Symantec Online Network for Advanced Response) helps prevent bots from taking control of your PCPrevents threats from entering your firewallDetects and automatically removes online threatsDefends against Web-based attacks with patent-pending technologyAutomatically detects and removes spyware, viruses, Trojans, bots and Internet wormsBoots and repairs badly infected PCsKeeps your online identity safer than ever when you buy, bank, browse, and game onlineStores and encrypts your passwords and other confidential dataFills in online forms at your request to save time and protect you from keystroke loggersPuts every element of your security at your fingertipsSchedules resource intensive tasks for when you're not using your PCReview the security status of every process on your PCSilent mode suspends alerts and updates to avoid interrupting or slowing games and moviesSmart two-way firewall automatically makes security decisions for youHelps you secure your home networkConceals and secures your PC on public Wi-Fi networksCreate individual user profiles with enhanced parental controlsFilters spam better than ever
D7793654	Proven fastest security suite availablePulse updates for up-to-the-minute protectionIntelligence-driven for faster, fewer, shorter scansBlocks online identity theftSecure network connectionsBlocks threats and hackersStops viruses, worms, spyware, bots, and morePrevents virus-infected emails and instant messages from spreadingBlocks browser exploits and protects against infected web sites
D7793655	Proven fastest security suite availablePulse updates for up-to-the-minute protectionIntelligence-driven for faster, fewer, shorter scansBlocks online identity theftSecure network connectionsBlocks threats and hackersStops viruses, worms, spyware, bots, and morePrevents virus-infected emails and instant messages from spreadingBlocks browser exploits and protects against infected web sites
D7795497	With the ASUS Xonar D1 PCI soundcard, users can enjoy the same rich gaming audio effects and extensive Dolby Home Theater features as the Xonar DX, and free up PCI express slots for other uses at the same time. This iteration of the Xonar provides fine-tuned audio components that reach a clear 116dB SNR (Signal-to-Noise Ratio), while the built-in DS3D GX revives support for DirectSound HW multi-channel gaming audio and the EAX (Environment Audio Extension) in PC games.
D7795838	The CityGear Miami Messenger Notebook Case has lots of features in a sporty, stylish lightweight design. Features of this case include a zip-down workstation with holders for business cards, media and more, plus mesh accessory storage pouches. There is a padded notebook compartment, a section for file storage and even a hidden water bottle pocket. Sleek and professional, this case supports notebooks with up to 17" screens.
D7797555	The Club 3D GeForce 6200 series is build to extend the life and improve the image quality and graphical power of your office and Internet PC. Club 3D GeForce 6200 series of visual processors delivers a dazzling visual experience optimized for Windows applications.
D7797935	To cater to users who require a high performance motherboard solution that also encompasses effective power savings and a friendly operating environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5Q series. This energy-conserving series of motherboards provide great performance; and is based on the Intel P45 chipset - which supports the latest Intel CPU and memory technology. The P5Q Series also furthers the eco-friendly cause with the exclusive ASUS EPU, which provides 80.23% CPU power savings and 96% enhanced power efficiency - allowing users to help save the Earth every time they switch on their PCs!
D7797936	To cater to users who require a high performance motherboard solution that also encompasses effective power savings and a friendly operating environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5Q series. This energy-conserving series of motherboards provide great performance; and is based on the Intel P45 chipset - which supports the latest Intel CPU and memory technology. The P5Q Series also furthers the eco-friendly cause with the exclusive ASUS EPU, which provides 80.23% CPU power savings and 96% enhanced power efficiency - allowing users to help save the Earth every time they switch on their PCs!
D7797937	ASUS have created the Intel G45 based P5Q-EM/VM series as a perfect companion for Home Theaters PC's and an all in one solution for Digital Office. With many unique ASUS features, such as EPU and Express Gate, the P5Q-EM series is your best HTPC option.
D7797938	ASUS have created the Intel G45 based P5Q-VM series as a perfect companion for Home Theaters PCs and an all-in-one solution for Digital Office. With many unique ASUS features, such as EPU and Express Gate, the P5Q-VM series is your best HTPC option.
D7798408	PRODUCT FEATURES:Powered by Radeon HD 4850 GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10.1 and OpenGL 2.1 supportSupports CrossFireX and Avivo HD technologyFeatures dual DVI-I / D-sub / HDMI / HDCP55nm technologyATI Avivo HDShader Model 4.1RoHS compliantHDCP supportHDMI ready
D7798410	PRODUCT FEATURES:Powered by Radeon HD 4850 GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10.1 and OpenGL 2.1 supportIntegrated with the industry's best 512MB GDDR3 memory and 256-bit memory interfaceSupports CrossFireX and Avivo HD technologyFeatures dual DVI-I / D-sub / HDMI / HDCP55nm technology
D7798548	PRODUCT FEATURES:Excellent energy-saving capability and offers high-computing performanceProvides superior energy-saving function and maintain an ultimate low temperature operation
D7798847	Connect a Creative Wireless Receiver to your powered speakers or home theater receiver and enjoy uncompressed Xtreme Fidelity enhanced music wirelessly, from your Creative Wireless Audio products from across the room or around the house.Sleek and compact Creative Wireless Receiver looks great in the home and work with Sound Blaster X-Fi Notebook, Xdock and Xmod Wireless transmitters. Creative Wireless Receivers even come with a remote control so you can play, pause and skip through your music from the comfort of your couch.
D7798848	Sound Blaster 5.1 VX is the absolute choice for those looking for better quality audio solutions basic motherboard audio can not deliver.Immerse yourself in your favorite tunes as the CMSS technology upmixes any stereo audio content to up to 5.1 surround audio.Enjoy captivating 5.1 multi-channel surround sounds with the CMSS technology. It works with any software DVD player that supports Dolby Digital or DTS decoding. Experience sound effects and 3D positional audio so realistic you feel as if you're in the game yourself!
D7798849	Get extreme audio performance from your PC with the PCI Express Sound Blaster X-Fi Titanium sound card. You'll hear realistic EAX 5.0 sound effects and 3D positional audio in your games that's so accurate you can locate opponents by sound - even over normal stereo headphones. Plus, get unbeatable performance with hardware accelerated audio. All your music and movies will sound better too with Xtreme Fidelity audio technology that restores the detail and clarity to compressed music files like MP3s.
D7798850	Creative Live! Cam Optia AF is the world's first webcam to offer auto focus technology and a true 2 megapixels sensor! With its precision lens it's the reference standard for clean, high-resolution still images, movie clips, video blogs and Internet video calls. This stylish camera, with its glossy finish, also features Creative's unique dual microphone system and Live! Audio technology eliminates background noise for clearer, echo-free speech. For total ease of use, the camera is truly plug and play, enabling users to plug it into a USB port and start video chatting without installing any drivers.
D7798851	Stylish and versatile, the Creative WebCam Live! Ultra for Notebooks is a must-have for notebook users. It is designed for portability and durability, and it even comes with a PowerGrip attachment that securely clips onto your notebook.The Live! Ultra for Notebooks is a small webcam with big features. It is the only notebook webcam with a 76º wide-angle lens that gives you a 50% wider field of view than other webcams. So when you're on vacation with the family, everyone can chime in and wave at the grandparents together.The high-speed USB 2.0 connection delivers smoother video at 30 frames per second than you can get from webcams that use USB 1.1. It also comes with Creative's exclusive multi-person Smart Face-Tracking technology that recognizes and tracks multiple people simultaneously, unlike other face tracking programs that only track one person at a time. Included in the package is a hands-free headset that gives you privacy and clarity, without any background noise and crosstalk.To make the WebCam Live! Ultra for Notebooks the perfect travel companion, there's a protective travel pouch that keeps your webcam free from scratches and dust. Whenever you're on the road, away from friends and family, the compact webcam lets you stay in touch with anyone, anywhere and at any time.
D7798852	The Creative Live! Cam Video IM (VF0540) lets you get in touch with your friends and family easily via popular instant messaging (IM) software such as MSN Windows Live! Messenger, Yahoo! Messenger, AOL Instant Messenger and Skype. The webcam also features a built-in microphone for added convenience.
D7798853	Compact and sleek, the Live! Cam Notebook Pro (VF0400) is the perfect companion for the savvy traveler on the go. Boasting a built-in microphone and a 800 x 6001 video resolution, you can start video conversations with anyone straightaway without any hassle.Capture stills of up to 1.3 megapixels1 and no matter how you mount or twist the Live! Cam Notebook Pro's 240º swivel design, your image will be flipped or rotated back upright automatically.
D7798854	Quality and fun for your internet chats!Creative's Live! Cam Video IM Ultra combines quality with fun to give you fantastic online communications. Its Live! Central Premium software with advanced Auto tuning ensures a vibrant image, and you can add amazing voice effects and multiple visual effects whenever you want - great for instant messaging and video blogs! For premium video quality online or in recordings, this webcam has a high-resolution 1.3 megapixel sensor and Hi-speed USB connection, and the noise-canceling microphone lets everyone hear you clearly.
D7798855	Creative's Live! Cam Chat IM is the quick and easy webcam that will get you chatting online in moments. Compatible with your favorite messaging software it is truly "plug and chat" so you can take it out of the box and start video chatting instantly without worrying about an installation CD. Thanks to its Hi-Speed USB performance and VGA image sensor your friends will see you in superb quality, and the built-in microphone ensures that you will sound as good as you look! Creative's versatile multi-attach base lets you position the Live! Cam Chat IM wherever you want, and free Live!
D7798856	Enjoy a visually stunning experience with the Live! Cam Notebook. It allows you to engage in natural-looking video chats with clear hands-free audio on the go. The Creative Auto Tuning technology provides a 800 x 600 video resolution, offering video chats that are in sharp contrast and vibrant color. Utilize other features such as the Live! Cam Center Lite where you can snap photos or capture videos easily. You can even organize your library with the Photo Manager 2 or perform any other task easily with the Live! Cam Manager.
D7798857	Fill your room with vibrant audio from the GigaWorks T40 Series II speakers, the enhanced model of the award-winning GigaWorksT40.The GigaWorks T40 Series II propels audio enjoyment into the next level of acoustic fidelity. There's no need for a physical subwoofer as the three-driver Midrange-Tweeter-Midrange (MTM) audiophile configuration comes with BasXPort technology - delivering excellent dynamics with rich extended bass. While the silk dome tweeter with dual woven glass fiber drivers produces crystal clear highs with full range audio, the whole system also offers an improved power output of 16W RMS per satellite.With a refreshing design and style, the GigaWorks T40 Series II is set to be a perfect addition to any living room or desktop.
D7798858	The GigaWorks T3 takes audio enjoyment to a whole new level, with the integration of innovative design, premium components and state-of-the-art technologies. This premium 2.1 speaker setup combines a perfect blend of quality and elegance to deliver precise Hi-Fi quality audio like no other.With its minimalist design, it is the perfect addition to your desktop, living room or bedroom. Designed for discerning audio enthusiasts, the GigaWorks T3 is ideal for high-quality music, gaming or movies - a true top performer for all your multimedia entertainment audio needs.
D7798859	Creative's Inspire T3200 speakers bring you great sound in a modern design. The two compact satellites produce rich and detailed results thanks to their innovative dual cone drivers, which combine ultra-smooth highs and mid-range sound, supported by strong bass from the subwoofer. The combination of good looks and great listening makes these speakers a perfect choice when you're looking for a great performance with all kinds of music on the PC or with an MP3 player. For the ultimate in convenience, Creative designed the wired remote with a holder for your MP3 player, so you can keep it within reach for ease of control.
D7798860	Creative's Inspire T6200 speakers combine innovative design and fantastic surround sound for your PC games and movies. They are the first 5.1 speakers that let you stack the rear satellites on top of the front ones to save space and enjoy virtual surround with all the speakers in front of you. The satellites feature dual cone drivers, which deliver ultra-smooth highs and mid-range sound in a compact design, with strong bass support from the powerful subwoofer. The wired remote, which lets you control power and volume, also includes connections for your headphones and microphone. These speakers feature the CMSS upmix feature, which lets you transform MP3 stereo and DivX movie sound tracks into immersive 5.1 surround.
D7798861	The GigaWorks T20 Series II propels audio enjoyment to a level of acoustic fidelity - over its award-winning predecessor, the GigaWorks T20.This two-way speaker design comes with BasXPort technology, delivering excellent full range audio with rich extended bass, eliminating the need for an actual subwoofer. The silk dome tweeter with woven glass fiber driver produces crystal clear highs with full-bodied midrange for an unrivaled acoustic experience.A perfect complement to your lifestyle, the stylish GigaWorks T20 Series II is built to recreate realistic live music experience in your home, giving you rich, full audio like no other.
D7798862	Getting closer to your loved ones has never being so easy! You can now enjoy 1.3-megapixel high definition quality videos with a wider field of view along with crystal-clear audio. There's no need to bother with driver installations or fumble with a separate mouthpiece or microphone! That's the beauty the plug-and-play capabilities of the Live! Cam Optia Pro bring to you.The Live! Cam Optia Pro also comes bundled with an external stereo headset attached with a microphone, providing you the choice of privacy should the need arise. With a comprehensive software bundle, you can experience endless fun entertaining your friends with Advanced Video FX, Advanced Audio FX, Live! Cam Doodling and Live! Cam Avatar! And that's not all! Take all these to a whole new level by creating your very own effects and avatars easily with the included tools!
D7799042	Solid body PVC compound35° turned outletsRight angle Schuko plug with double earthing
D7799043	NAS function (Network Attached Storage) to provide centralized data access and storage to the networkEasy provides storage space for expansion, sharing and backup to the whole networkRJ45 network connector for Fast Ethernet 10/100 MbpsEasy installation an administration by web interface-no additional driver software neededProvides FTP file server and SAMBA cross platform support
D7799045	Marketing description is not available.
D7801238	PRODUCT FEATURES:4x3Fire Full Speed Laser Gaming Mouse is 4 times faster with full speed USBArm yourself with the powerful and patented 3xFire button - rapidly fires 3 shots with just 1 click-increasing target accuracy6 DPI shift ability with color indication 600-800-1200-1600-2000-2500DPI (no driver needed)Intelligent 4th and 5th buttons-forward and backwardComfortable thumb rest design fits the shape of your handDesigned with extreme fast acceleration up to 500 Hz report rate/second, 4 times faster than the normal USB mouse
D7801812	SAMSUNG Color Laser Supplies are designed to maximize the machine performance. Constantly redesigned and improved SAMSUNG Supplies provide best performance, reliability and outstanding color printing quality. SAMSUNG Color Laser Toner cartridges have stable & professional image quality in high-speed and high volume printings. High capacity color toner cartridges make it easy to produce brilliant & cost effective color documents and increase uptime. Uniformly pulverized toner produces gloss uniformity, crisp print and consistent high image quality.
D7801814	Samsung color laser supplies are designed to maximize the machine performance. Constantly redesigned and improved Samsung supplies provide best performance, reliability and outstanding color printing quality. Samsung color laser toner cartridges have stable and professional image quality in high-speed and high volume printings. High capacity color toner cartridges make it easy to produce brilliant and cost effective color documents and increase uptime. Uniformly pulverized toner produces gloss uniformity, crisp print and consistent high image quality.
D7801816	Samsung color laser supplies are designed to maximize the machine performance. Constantly redesigned and improved Samsung supplies provide best performance, reliability and outstanding color printing quality. Samsung color laser toner cartridges have stable and professional image quality in high-speed and high volume printings. High capacity color toner cartridges make it easy to produce brilliant and cost effective color documents and increase uptime. Uniformly pulverized toner produces gloss uniformity, crisp print and consistent high image quality.
D7801833	SAMSUNG Color Laser Supplies are designed to maximize the machine performance. Constantly redesigned and improved SAMSUNG Supplies provide best performance, reliability and outstanding color printing quality. SAMSUNG Color Laser Toner cartridges have stable & professional image quality in high-speed and high volume printings. High capacity color toner cartridges make it easy to produce brilliant & cost effective color documents and increase uptime. Uniformly pulverized toner produces gloss uniformity, crisp print and consistent high image quality.
D7802943	The Back-UPS RS offers high performance protection for your business and office computer systems. It provides abundant battery backup power, allowing you to work through medium and extended length power outages. It also safeguards your equipment from damaging surges and spikes that travel along utility, phone and network lines. A distinguishing feature of the Back-UPS RS is Automatic Voltage Regulation (AVR). AVR instantly adjusts both low and high voltages to safe levels, so you can work indefinitely during brownouts and overvoltage situations, saving the battery for power outages when you need it most. Additional features like audible alarms, LED status indicators, user replaceable battery, push-button circuit breakers and plentiful outlets make the Back-UPS RS the perfect unit to protect your business' productivity from the constant threat of power problems and lost data.
D7803516	PRODUCT FEATURES:MicroATX/ATX super middle towerSupports 12"(305mm) x9.6"(244mm) ATX motherboardPatented rail and screw 5.25" drive baysPatented screwless front bezelFront USB, Audio, 1394 support (option)Better Expansion - 7 slots and a maximum of 4x5.25-inch and 6x3.5-inch drive baysComplies with FCC Class B, DoC, and CESupport 400W, 350W, or 300W(ATX 12V) all safety power supply
D7804760	Continuing Canon's industry-leading reputation for technology and product quality, Canon's high definition camcorders deliver the optical excellence, advanced image processing and superb performance found in Canon's photographic and broadcast television lenses. With Canon Exclusives, Canon bring more advanced features to Canon's camcorders, enabling you to more easily take your video to a higher level than ever possible before.Among Canon's products is the Canon VIXIA HG20 Hard Disk Drive Camcorder. It combines the ease of recording video directly onto an internal Hard Disk Drive with the advanced AVCHD (Advanced Video Codec High Definition) format. Its Hard Disk Drive allows you to record up to 22 hours and 55 minutes of crisp, high definition video (LP Mode). It also is a dual system camcorder, with the capability of also recording video and still images to an SDHC card as well.The VIXIA HG20 boasts 1920 x 1080 Full HD, and has a CODEC capable of recording 24Mbps - the highest AVCHD bitrate - through Canon's own Full HD CMOS Image Sensor and advanced DIGIC DV II image processor. Other exclusives are a Genuine Canon 12x HD video lens, SuperRange Optical Image Stabilization and Instant AutoFocus and a host of other advanced features including an HDMI connector. Enhanced and simplified controls give you more choices and easier operation. Remarkable image reproduction and advanced features are yours in this compact AVCHD Format Hard Disk Drive camcorder which easily goes along with you, wherever you are, to capture those unforgettable moments in life- in true HD.
D7805030	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards.
D7805855	Gainward HD 4870 with 512MB/256bits high-speed DDR5 memory offers enhanced, leading-edge performance for the 3D enthusiasts.Gainward HD 4870 supports two monitors simultaneously, enabled by ATI's Multi-Display Technology for office applications, 3D gaming and professional applications, animation or video editing. It allows end-users to select any combination of display configurations, including a DVI, CRT, and TV. With Dual BIOS support you can easily select two different over-clocking speeds, "Normal" mode and "Turbo" mode.
D7805859	PRODUCT FEATURES:Unified superscalar shader architectureMicrosoft DirectX 10.1 supportAnti-aliasing featuresTexture filtering featuresAvivo HD video and display platformATI PowerPlay technologyATI's CrossFireX technologyPCI Express 2.0 support
D7807682	The DVR-216D DVD/CD Writer supports 20x write speeds on both DVD-R/+R along with the capability to write up to 12x on DVD-R/+R on dual/double layer media.
D7808601	Based on Acer's ProFile design, the TravelMate 6293 series emphasizes professional style, ultra mobility combined with personal productivity in a two spindle design. To meet the needs of the advanced mobile professional user it comes complete with all the latest features on the market today: Compact in dimensions with integrated optical device, lightweight and ultra-portable at less than 2kg - it sports a 12.1" white LED backlit LCD panel - powered by latest dual core processor technology, coupled with the responsiveness of DDRIII memory and Serial ATA hard disk drives. The TravelMate 6293 series offers desktop PC versatility through the Acer ezDock II, a bottom docking station designed to improve expandability and flexibility.
D7808602	Marketing description is not available.
D7808657	Designed for efficient business computing with style, the TravelMate 5730 series offers intense on-the-road performance via the Intel Centrino 2 mobile platform with the latest Intel Core 2 Duo processor. The Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint solution guards the notebook against unauthorized access while enhanced Acer Disk Anti-Shock Protection (DASP) keeps the hard drive safe from the rigors of mobile use.Acer's TravelMate 5730 series comes packaged in the Profile design chassis and boosts on-the-job performance with features perfectly suited to the progressive professional's daily life. The TravelMate Profile's look and feel is all business and equipped with cutting-edge Dual Core processor technology, latest graphics and full wireless communication, the TM5730 series boosts mobility and efficiency of any professional user inside a rigid magnesium alloy chassis for maximum protection.
D7808658	The TravelMate 6593 was designed for smart-thinking users from small, medium and large-sized companies and self-employed professionals looking for unrivaled performance and technology combined with the maximum of today's mobile security features in the office and on the move. The TravelMate 6593 is geared to provide the most comprehensive desktop performance in its class, complete with full manageability and security features like fingerprint reader and TPM (Trusted Platform Module) solution, total wired and wireless connectivity and all-day efficiency.
D7809080	Marketing description is not available.
D7809817	Marketing description is not available.
D7809867	When you're looking for the perfect companion to your flat screen, this keyboard has all the right qualities - stylish, compact, convenient, and comfortable.
D7809877	When does comfort matter? When your legs are asleep but your hands are still moving. When you're the last one at the office and you're getting that report ready. Or when you get home later that night and you're typing that long e-mail.That's when you need the highest level of comfort - the Logitech Cordless Desktop Wave Pro. You can do more, more comfortably.The wave key design can comfortably cradle your fingers without requiring that you relearn how to type. The full-size, full-travel keys are also designed for remarkably quiet operation. The constant curve lets you type with confidence and comfort. Features consistently sized keys. The contoured palm rest helps position your hands comfortably on the keyboard.
D7810286	With its 3 HTPC models, Chieftec again extends its existing HTPC spectrum, thereby responding to the steadily increasing demand for multimedia applications. Chieftec's Hi-Fi Series offers far more than a conventional HTPC chassis owing not only to its high-end brushed and anodized aluminum chassis in black or silver, allowing for a flawless integration into already existing Hi-Fi elements but also attributing to the different dimensions of 10cm, 13.3cm or 16cm.
D7811367	You've just gotten home. It's dark but you still have e-mails to write, people to chat with, blogging to do. While everyone else is in the dark, you're getting ready to shine. Don't you deserve a keyboard that shines with you?The Logitech Illuminated Keyboard provides precise illumination that can be adjusted to suit your needs. Only the characters are illuminated, so you get just the right amount of light. It makes a bold statement and adds an elegant touch to any desk. The ideal combination of form and function, the Logitech Illuminated Keyboard gives you exactly what you need from a keyboard.
D7811601	Realize new possibilities for connecting with friends, family, and digital entertainment with the phenomenal performance of the AMD Phenom X4 quad-core processors. Built from the ground up for true quad-core performance, AMD Phenom X4 processors speed through advanced multitasking, critical business productivity, advanced visual design and modeling, serious gaming, and visually stunning digital media and entertainment.
D7811602	Increase your performance with the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core processor. Work or play with multiple programs without any stalling or waiting. Dual-core technology is like having two processors, and two working together is better and faster than one working alone.
D7811604	AMD Phenom processors offer multi-core performance for life-like gaming, crystal-clear digital media and serious megatasking.
D7811614	Supports ASRock instant bootSupports ASRock OC Tuner, I. O. T. (Intelligent Overclocking Technology)Supports smart BIOS, energy saving design6 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functionsSupports Hyper-Threading technologySupports Untied Overclocking technologySupports EM64T CPUSupports "Plug and Play"Supports Jumperfree
D7811721	The Wireless Internet Camera Server transmits real-time high quality video over the Internet wirelessly. View your camera from any Internet connection. This stylish and compact wireless Internet camera provides crystal clear MJPEG video streams.
D7811722	The Internet Camera Server transmits real-time high quality video over the Internet. View your camera from any Internet connection. Complimentary camera management software provides advanced monitoring of up to 16 cameras to protect what you value most. This stylish and compact Internet camera provides crystal clear MJPEG video streams.Mount the camera on most surfaces with an included mounting kit. Intuitive software features motion detection recording, email alerts and scheduled recordings. The camera's brilliant image quality, intuitive setup and complimentary software make it ideal for your home of office.
D7812135	The EOS 450D blends an uncompromising performance with ease of use in a lightweight, ergonomic body. Capture your world with a 12.2 megapixel CMOS sensor and the very latest Canon technologies. The 12.2 megapixel CMOS sensor gives you plenty of detail for poster-size prints and extra flexibility when cropping. Sensitive in low light and virtually noise-free, Canon's CMOS sensors are also remarkably power-efficient.The EOS 450D captures up to 3.5 frames per second for a continuous burst of up to 53 large JPEG images. The 9 AF points are spread out across the frame to better accommodate off-center subjects. The central AF point is a high sensitivity cross type sensor for quick, accurate focusing with f/2.8 and faster lenses.
D7812136	The EOS 450D blends an uncompromising performance with ease of use in a lightweight, ergonomic body. Capture your world with a 12.2 megapixel CMOS sensor and the very latest Canon technologies. The 12.2 megapixel CMOS sensor gives you plenty of detail for poster-size prints and extra flexibility when cropping. Sensitive in low light and virtually noise-free, Canon's CMOS sensors are also remarkably power-efficient.The EOS 450D captures up to 3.5 frames per second for a continuous burst of up to 53 large JPEG images. The 9 AF points are spread out across the frame to better accommodate off-center subjects. The central AF point is a high sensitivity cross type sensor for quick, accurate focusing with f/2.8 and faster lenses.
D7812137	The sleek design of the PowerShot A1000 IS is as refreshing as a breath of fresh air. Better still, its high-end features make everything simple: there's the 10.0-megapixel resolution and powerful 4x optical zoom lens with optical image stabilizer for sharpness along the full zoom range. A DIGIC III Image Processor with Canon face detection automatically lets every face stand out. Easy mode and easy playback make this camera a marvel of simplicity.
D7812139	The sleek design of the PowerShot A1000 IS is as refreshing as a breath of fresh air. Better still, its high-end features make everything simple: there's the 10.0-megapixel resolution and powerful 4x optical zoom lens with optical image stabilizer for sharpness along the full zoom range. A DIGIC III Image Processor with Canon face detection automatically lets every face stand out. Easy mode and easy playback make this camera a marvel of simplicity.
D7812140	The sleek design of the PowerShot A1000 IS is as refreshing as a breath of fresh air. Better still, its high-end features make everything simple: there's the 10.0-megapixel resolution and powerful 4x optical zoom lens with optical image stabilizer for sharpness along the full zoom range. A DIGIC III Image Processor with Canon face detection automatically lets every face stand out. Easy mode and easy playback make this camera a marvel of simplicity.
D7812141	The PowerShot E1 and you are going to get along just great. After all, you love color that dares to surprise. And nothing delights you more than style that makes you smile. The PowerShot E1 goes everyplace you go...to parties, to the beach, far away and to fabulous time’s right around the corner. Every moment matters when you've got a camera that couldn't be cleverer or cooler.
D7812142	The PowerShot E1 and you are going to get along just great. After all, you love color that dares to surprise. And nothing delights you more than style that makes you smile. The PowerShot E1 goes everyplace you go...to parties, to the beach, far away and to fabulous time’s right around the corner. Every moment matters when you've got a camera that couldn't be cleverer or cooler.
D7812144	The PowerShot E1 and you are going to get along just great. After all, you love color that dares to surprise. And nothing delights you more than style that makes you smile. The PowerShot E1 goes everyplace you go...to parties, to the beach, far away and to fabulous time’s right around the corner. Every moment matters when you've got a camera that couldn't be cleverer or cooler.
D7812145	From a 10x optical zoom lens to advanced Canon technology that automatically gives you the best shot, the 9.0-megapixel PowerShot SX110 IS packs impressive value. Advanced Face Detection technology automatically sets focus, exposure, flash and white balance for beautiful portraits and group shots. Sharp, steady close-ups are easy with the powerful zoom and Canon's Optical Image Stabilizer technology. The slim and modern-looking SX110 IS is sized to go everywhere, and you'll never miss a detail with the big, bright LCD screen.
D7812147	Compact, creative and fun, the SELPHY ES3 delivers lab-quality photos direct from your memory card or digital camera. Built-in 1GB memory lets you store images for printing whenever the mood takes you.
D7812149	Stylish and easy to use, the SELPHY ES30 puts the fun into printing lab-quality photos. Optimize your pictures with onboard retouching tools, add clipart and frames, or simply enjoy one-touch direct printing.For simple, clean installation, the SELPHY ES30 uses Easy Photo Packs - handy integrated ink and media cassettes with up to 50 sheets. Available with different media types - including credit card sizes and postcards in both color and black and white - packs can be easily swapped halfway through use if required.The SELPHY ES30 is small enough to store on a bookshelf, and features a smooth, elegant design that will blend seamlessly with virtually any home. A sturdy carry handle makes storage and carrying extra easy.
D7812150	The Cartridge 712 will produce approximately 1,500 pages at 5% coverage of A4 (ISO 19752 measured). Canon's high capacity cartridges reduce your cost per copy.
D7812151	Marketing description is not available.
D7812152	Marketing description is not available.
D7812154	Marketing description is not available.
D7812155	Marketing description is not available.
D7812156	Marketing description is not available.
D7812157	Marketing description is not available.
D7812158	Marketing description is not available.
D7812160	Marketing description is not available.
D7812161	Marketing description is not available.
D7812162	Marketing description is not available.
D7812163	Marketing description is not available.
D7812165	Marketing description is not available.
D7812166	Marketing description is not available.
D7812167	Marketing description is not available.
D7812169	Marketing description is not available.
D7812170	Marketing description is not available.
D7812171	Marketing description is not available.
D7812181	Marketing description is not available.
D7812182	Marketing description is not available.
D7812183	Canon's EOS 50D bridges the gap between the novice and the seasoned pro with a perfect combination of high-speed and quality. It features an APS-C sized 15.1-megapixel CMOS sensor for tremendous images, DIGIC 4 image processor for fine detail and superior color reproduction, and improved ISO capabilities up to 12800 for uncompromised shooting even in the dimmest situations. It features a refined 3.0-inch Clear View LCD (920,000 dots) monitor, supercharged live view function with Face Detection Live mode, plus a number of automatic image correction settings and HDMI output for viewing images on an HDTV. Pick up the EOS 50D and you'll experience true digital inspiration!
D7812184	Canon's EOS 50D bridges the gap between the novice and the seasoned pro with a perfect combination of high-speed and quality. It features an APS-C sized 15.1-megapixel CMOS sensor for tremendous images, DIGIC 4 image processor for fine detail and superior color reproduction, and improved ISO capabilities up to 12800 for uncompromised shooting even in the dimmest situations. It features a refined 3.0-inch Clear View LCD (920,000 dots) monitor, supercharged live view function with Face Detection Live mode, plus a number of automatic image correction settings and HDMI output for viewing images on an HDTV. Pick up the EOS 50D and you'll experience true digital inspiration!
D7812185	Canon's EOS 50D bridges the gap between the novice and the seasoned pro with a perfect combination of high-speed and quality. It features an APS-C sized 15.1-megapixel CMOS sensor for tremendous images, DIGIC 4 image processor for fine detail and superior color reproduction, and improved ISO capabilities up to 12800 for uncompromised shooting even in the dimmest situations. It features a refined 3.0-inch Clear View LCD (920,000 dots) monitor, supercharged live view function with Face Detection Live mode, plus a number of automatic image correction settings and HDMI output for viewing images on an HDTV. Pick up the EOS 50D and you'll experience true digital inspiration!
D7812186	Canon's EOS 50D bridges the gap between the novice and the seasoned pro with a perfect combination of high-speed and quality. It features an APS-C sized 15.1-megapixel CMOS sensor for tremendous images, DIGIC 4 image processor for fine detail and superior color reproduction, and improved ISO capabilities up to 12800 for uncompromised shooting even in the dimmest situations. It features a refined 3.0-inch Clear View LCD (920,000 dots) monitor, supercharged live view function with Face Detection Live mode, plus a number of automatic image correction settings and HDMI output for viewing images on an HDTV. Pick up the EOS 50D and you'll experience true digital inspiration!
D7812187	Compact, lightweight and a wide magnification range - this standard zoom lens features a wide focal length range from normal to telephoto equivalent to 29-320mm in the 35mm format. It features an optical image stabilizer for up to 4-stops of effective correction even at full zoom. Since Canon's optical image stabilization system is in the lens, not in the camera, you can see the stabilized, steadier images through the viewfinder. And the circular aperture can give beautiful background blur effects. This wide zoom ratio EF-S lens delivers excellent high-speed performance at an affordable price.
D7812193	The EOS 450D blends an uncompromising performance with ease of use in a lightweight, ergonomic body. Capture your world with a 12.2 megapixel CMOS sensor and the very latest Canon technologies. The 12.2 megapixel CMOS sensor gives you plenty of detail for poster-size prints and extra flexibility when cropping. Sensitive in low light and virtually noise-free, Canon's CMOS sensors are also remarkably power-efficient.The EOS 450D captures up to 3.5 frames per second for a continuous burst of up to 53 large JPEG images. The 9 AF points are spread out across the frame to better accommodate off-center subjects. The central AF point is a high sensitivity cross type sensor for quick, accurate focusing with f/2.8 and faster lenses.
D7812225	With a maximum resolution of 4800 x 9600dpi, this advanced CCD technology scanner has the capacity to deliver scans with very high levels of clarity, photographic detail and with accurate color reproduction. The 48-bit input ensures the accuracy of colors and brings the best out of your images every time. The scanner has the capacity to create 300dpi A4 scans in a remarkably fast time of approximately 11 seconds.Both 35mm film and slide scanning are delivered with exceptional quality. It is possible to scan film straight into your PC or Mac. The inclusion of a high-brightness white LED for reflective scans equals fast operation. This is superbly demonstrated via zero warm-up, so there is no need for the user to wait around before they can begin scanning.This is a sophisticated scanner with many creative functions, but it remains easy to use. Seven EZ buttons are provided - they are all on the front of the scanner - and these allow the most common tasks to be performed with one-click. The buttons cover copy, scan, email and creating PDFs. The buttons can also be configured by the user to suit their individual preferences.Auto scan mode is another creative, yet straightforward feature. The scanner automatically senses what is to be scanned - document or photo - and scans and saves these using settings appropriate to the original. This can be completed from the one-click software menu.
D7812227	This is simple, high-performance scanning at its best. Four easy buttons automate the entire process, and the new Auto Scan mode makes it even easier: It actually detects the type of original you're scanning - a photo, business card, notebook or form - automatically adjusts settings for the optimal results, then scans and saves the image.Your results will amaze you, with color dpi resolution up to 2400 x 4800. You can also create fabulous 19200 x 19200 software-enhanced (extrapolated) scans. The Advanced Z-Lid enables clear, complete scans even of thick originals such as notebooks. Built-in retouching technology further enhances your final images with automatic corrections for dust and scratches, fading, graininess and backlighting. And to reduce the number of wires in your work area, one simple cable provides power and a USB 2.0 Hi-Speed connection.
D7812229	How easy is this? Just select what you want to do with your original-scan, copy, or create email attachments or PDFs-and the entire process is automated. The new Auto Scan Mode detects your type of original, then scans and saves it with the optimal settings. Your results will be outstanding, with color dpi resolution up to 4800 x 4800, and you can also create fabulous 19200 x 19200 software-enhanced interpolated scans. Plus, a letter-sized color scan takes only about 14 seconds. The Advanced Z-Lid lets you produce clear, complete scans of thick originals such as notebooks. And to reduce "cable clutter," one simple cable provides power and a USB 2.0 Hi-Speed connection.
D7812248	This All-In-One automatically detects the type of original you're copying whether it’s a photo, a text document or even a page from your notebook and then processes the image with optimal settings. The results are copies that will be truer to the originals, with accurate color and reduced grain in photos, and sharp, bold text in documents.
D7812252	Print, copy and scan with this compact, affordable All-in-One for the everyday user. Enjoy high-quality photo printing with the versatility of memory card slots for digital camera users.
D7812281	The Canon PIXMA MP980 is designed for analog and digital photography, this premium All-in-One delivers superior photo prints with dedicated gray ink for ultimate monochrome images as well as 35 mm film and slide scanning.Top-quality, fast printing is delivered by the combination of an impressive 9600 x 2400 dpi resolution, tiny 1pl ink droplets for smooth, grain-free color and monochrome images. The additional gray ink tank delivers superior-quality monochrome photo prints. The print speeds for a photolab-quality 10 x 15 cm borderless print in just 20 seconds.The PIXMA MP980 prints high-quality documents, with a pigment black ink delivering crisp, sharp text and dye-based color inks for vibrant graphics.
D7812283	This affordable All-In-One offers superior 1pl, 9600dpi prints for demanding home users. It features include easy-scroll wheel, PictBridge and memory card slots for increased versatility.The PIXMA MP540 offers superior photolab-quality prints with 9600 x 2400dpi print resolution and 1pl ink droplets for smooth tonal gradations and virtually grain-free prints. The ChromaLife100+ system combines Canon's FINE (Full-photolithography Inkjet Nozzle Engineering) print head, dye-based single inks and certain Canon genuine photo paper to deliver long-lasting, beautiful photos.The PIXMA MP540's two paper trays increase media flexibility, allowing the user to pre-load both photo and plain paper. PictBridge compatibility and memory card slots also benefit digital camera users, enabling them to print directly from their camera without needing a PC.
D7812285	This changes all the rules about where and how you can print and print wirelessly from anywhere in the house via Wi-Fi. Want to go computer-free? Or, network it via Ethernet cable and print from a wired computer in another room. Print photos directly from memory cards, previewing and enhancing images on the 2.5" TFT display. Or, print from a compatible digital camera or camera phone, even a Bluetooth device via the optional BU-30 Bluetooth interface.You'll love the results. This powerhouse All-In-One produces long-lasting 4" x 6" photos with spectacular 9600 x 2400 color dpi resolution in about 41 seconds, and its 5-color ink system ensures vivid, true-to-life colors and bold, black text. Copies of documents will be more faithful to your originals, and your scans will yield superb 2400 x 4800 color dpi results.
D7812287	The PIXMA MP630’s premium 1pl, 9600dpi FINE print engine produces stunning photolab-quality images, with a 10 x 15 borderless photo taking approximately 20 seconds. 1pl ink droplets using dye-based Single Inks - including a ‘Photo Black’ tank - deliver prints with smooth tonal gradations, high contrast and exceptional detail.The ChromaLife100+ system is a combination of the PIXMA MP630, Canon original inks and certain Canon genuine photo papers. These three unique components create beautiful, long-lasting photo prints.Print text documents in mono or color with a pigment black ink to give crisp, sharp text.The higher-definition 6.2cm color TFT display makes it fun to browse photos without a PC, and users can view, select, edit and print - all using the easy-scroll wheel. Direct prints are also possible straight from a memory card or PictBridge-compatible digital camera or camcorder. A Quick Start function allows operation within seconds.
D7812494	The PIXMA iP3600 is a compact, affordable home photo printer with class-leading specification that delivers superior photo lab quality prints.The PIXMA iP3600 features crisp text printing thanks to a dedicated black pigment ink cartridge, making it appropriate for all kinds of web and document printing.All 5 Single Inks can be replaced individually, minimizing unnecessary ink wastage. A smart LED indicates when a cartridge is running low or needs replacing.Two paper trays enhance media flexibility, allowing both photo paper and plain paper to be loaded at the same time without having to swap them manually. Digital camera users will also benefit from the ability to print directly from their camera without a PC using PictBridge. If you prefer to hook the printer up to your PC, a Hi-Speed USB interface enables the fast transfer of information.
D7812495	You can exceptionally high-quality prints with fine detail thanks to a separate dye-based black ink for photos, 1pl ink droplets and a resolution of 9600 x 2400dpi. A premium print engine makes it possible to create a photolab-quality print in approximately 20 seconds. Quality and efficiency are maintained through the use of 5 Single Inks - simply replace individual ink tanks when they run out.A range of practical functions makes creating photos and documents even more exciting and productive. With Canon's Easy-PhotoPrint EX it's easy to print calendars, albums and photos. Auto photo fix automatically corrects photos, including red-eye correction; auto duplex makes double-side printing straightforward - saving on paper and producing professional-looking documents. Two paper trays enable users to have plain and photo paper loaded at once.Managing your data storage is easy as you can personalize your DVDs and CDs for business, friends and family. Simply print direct onto the surface of the printable DVD or CD.There is no need for a PC to be involved in your print process. With PictBridge technology you have a quick and convenient way to print images from compatible digital cameras, camcorders or mobile phones.
D7812531	Stylish and easy to use, the SELPHY ES30 puts the fun into printing lab-quality photos. Optimize your pictures with onboard retouching tools, add clipart and frames, or simply enjoy one-touch direct printing.For simple, clean installation, the SELPHY ES30 uses Easy Photo Packs - handy integrated ink and media cassettes with up to 50 sheets. Available with different media types - including credit card sizes and postcards in both color and black and white - packs can be easily swapped halfway through use if required.The SELPHY ES30 is small enough to store on a bookshelf, and features a smooth, elegant design that will blend seamlessly with virtually any home. A sturdy carry handle makes storage and carrying extra easy.
D7813248	Blu-ray Disc is the next-generation optical disc format that was developed to enable recording and playback of high-definition video (HD), as well as storing large amounts of data. A single-layer Blu-ray Disc can be used to record over 2 hours of HDTV. Blu-ray uses a blue-violet laser to read and write data while current optical disc technologies such as DVD use a red laser. The shorter wavelengths of the Blu-ray technology make it possible to record more data on the same space. These discs are safeguarded by Verbatim's super hard coat which protects against everyday wear and tear. With the rapid growth of HDTV, Blu-ray will meet the consumer demand for recording HD programming and is expected to replace VCRs and DVD recorders over the coming years.
D7813607	PRODUCT FEATURES:Internal SATA interface for 5,25" CD/DVD and Blu-Ray drive, also for 3,5" SATA HDDSupport Plug & Play and hot swapLow noisePower switch on the backUSB2.0 & eSATA InterfaceWithout drive capacity limit
D7813907	Osiris (HTC-1K514), named after the ancient Egyptian god of the overworld, defines a design level of its own, not only regarding the unique look and feel. The whole case is constructed for toolless assembly with an innovative airflow concept as the ultimate cooling solution: the PSU is located at the bottom with a direct fresh air intake, so the heat of the PSU is isolated from the case completely. On the top and on the back there are 120mm fans with 3pin plugs for connecting with the motherboard. And, just like Anubis, the HDD Modular-Rack has the third 120mm fan on the front. Moreover three PCI air ventilation plates are also included in the package; this provides better exhaust capability for systems equipped with SLI or Crossfire. Of course Osiris supports XL ATX PSUs and all graphic cards currently available.On the outside Osiris has a stylish round shaped front. The function panel with USB ports, eSata etc. is perfectly placed on the front top side. The edges of the buttons, plugs and the front side are diamond laser cut.Osiris is entirely made of 6063-T5 military spec alloy, which offers outstanding heat dissipation. A patented welding technology joints the parts to an extremely solid case. Comfortably detachable and 3mm thick side panels, one with an EMI proof window, give you extra comfort and a great look inside.As an exclusive bonus for the end user, who eventually owns this case, there is a limited edition Osiris key ring with the unique serial number of the case supplied inside.
D7814237	From a 10x optical zoom lens to advanced Canon technology that automatically gives you the best shot, the 9.0-megapixel PowerShot SX110 IS packs impressive value. Advanced Face Detection technology automatically sets focus, exposure, flash and white balance for beautiful portraits and group shots. Sharp, steady close-ups are easy with the powerful zoom and Canon's Optical Image Stabilizer technology. The slim and modern-looking SX110 IS is sized to go everywhere, and you'll never miss a detail with the big, bright LCD screen.
D7814290	Super Multi optical drives can read and write three types of DVD formats in one convenient package - DVD+R, DVD-R and DVD-RAM. This gives you the option to choose the media best suited for each task.
D7814291	Marketing description is not available.
D7814514	Marketing description is not available.
D7814515	Marketing description is not available.
D7814516	Marketing description is not available.
D7814518	Canon Easy Photo Pack is an integrated ink and paper cartridge that enables simple setup before printing and more convenient paper replacement.
D7814519	Canon Easy Photo Pack is an integrated ink and paper cartridge that enables simple setup before printing and more convenient paper replacement.
D7814894	The Deskstar 7K1000.B hard drive provides an exceptional blend of power efficiency and performance making it an ideal solution for power-friendly consumer and commercial PCs. Leveraging seventh-generation power management technology as well as power-saving innovations pioneered on the popular 2.5-inch line of notebook hard drives from Hitachi, this new breed of desktop drive delivers best-in-class power management and thermal emissions, while maintaining high standards of performance.
D7814897	The Deskstar 7K1000.B hard drive provides an exceptional blend of power efficiency and performance making it an ideal solution for power-friendly consumer and commercial PCs. Leveraging seventh-generation power management technology as well as power-saving innovations pioneered on the popular 2.5-inch line of notebook hard drives from Hitachi, this new breed of desktop drive delivers best-in-class power management and thermal emissions, while maintaining high standards of performance.
D7816127	The ProLite E1908WSV widescreen monitor with high resolution 1680 x 1050 panel features a rapid 5ms response time, ideal for games and videos. Superb color quality is achieved by a 1000:1 contrast ratio. Higher than average brightness and built-in speakers offer an enriched multimedia experience.
D7816303	ATA security mode feature setUltra DMA Mode 5(UDMA100) compatibleATA S.M.A.R.T. feature setTuMR/PMR head with FOD technologySilentSeek technologySilentec technologySupport Automatic Acoustic Management (AAM)NoiseGuard technologyLoad/Unload Head technology
D7816608	PRODUCT FEATURES:Programmable sequential / interleave burst modeBi-directional differential data-strobeOff-chip driver (OCD) impedance adjustmentOn die termination with selectable valuesAll of base components are lead-free, halogen-free, and RoHS compliant
D7816911	Marketing description is not available.
D7817519	The 9400 GT delivers astonishing vibrant video-watching with NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology. HDCP-capable, the 9400 GT ensures exceptional playback of encrypted Blu-ray disc and HD DVD movie content when connected to HDCP-compliant displays.Visual computing tasks such as photo archiving and photo sharing are made more enjoyable thanks to a real pop in the visual experience with reduced CPU utilization and low power consumption. Better still, the 9400 GT has full Microsoft Windows media center support that allows users to offload tasks from the CPU, increasing productivity and enabling users to share, edit and manage photos and videos better than ever before.
D7818545	Verbatim's eSATA/USB 2.0 Combo External Hard Drive provides high capacity storage back up for all file types offering high performance and reliability to both the professional and home user.It can store thousands of digital photos, videos, and other electronic files. Powered by a SATA high speed hard drive, the Verbatim eSATA 3Gbits/USB 2.0 Combo Drive provides ultra fast transfer speeds for the professional user. Up to 6 times faster than USB 2.0, eSATA 3Gbits saves you time and is ideal for high definition video and audio applications.Its stylish 'black steel' space saving design sits neatly on the modern desk top.
D7818546	The Verbatim's palm sized USB 2.0 portable hard drive is light weight making it easy to carry with you. With light weighing, it packs portability and capacity in one!Store and carry your digital and day to day working files on this truly mobile drive. Its stylish smooth design sits neatly on the modern desk top as the perfect accompaniment to your laptop.The Verbatim portable hard drive is USB 2.0 bus powered (1xUSB 2.0 interface) and requires no external power for operation, simply plug 'n' play.The Portable Hard Drive Premium Edition has a soft rubber coated surface.
D7818547	Verbatim's eSATA/USB 2.0 Combo External Hard Drive provides high capacity storage back up for all file types offering high performance and reliability to both the professional and home user.It can store thousands of digital photos, videos, and other electronic files. Powered by a SATA high speed hard drive, the Verbatim eSATA 3Gbits/USB 2.0 Combo Drive provides ultra fast transfer speeds for the professional user. Up to 6 times faster than USB 2.0, eSATA 3Gbits saves you time and is ideal for high definition video and audio applications.Its stylish 'black steel' space saving design sits neatly on the modern desk top.
D7819069	Marketing description is not available.
D7819485	The LIFE NANO from Cherry - the ideal companion for laptops. The small USB-receiver allows you to carry the 2.4 GHz mouse inside the laptop, even when traveling.
D7819486	The LADY mouse from Cherry impresses with its attractive floral design in a refreshing combination of colors. With its small dimensions, the mouse appeals to women of any age.
D7819487	The AZURO mouse from Cherry is a real eye-catcher. It features unbeatable price and top performance: wireless freedom with 2.4 GHz wireless technology.
D7819488	With its elegant colors, extremely easy "plug and play" start up and interference-free 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the "JUST" optical mouse has everything a modern mouse should have.
D7819489	The TOLERO Corded Laser Mouse from Cherry packs in the precision of a laser mouse into a well-designed case with an attractive surface structure and ribbed rubber side surfaces for excellent grip.
D7819490	The TOLERO Corded Laser Mouse from Cherry packs in the precision of a laser mouse into a well-designed case with an attractive surface structure and ribbed rubber side surfaces for excellent grip.
D7819491	The PARELO Corded Optical Mouse from Cherry offers cools design with an unbeatable price/performance ratio. The illuminating scroll wheel and rubber, ribbed side surfaces guarantee the best possible user comfort.
D7819492	The PARELO Corded Optical Mouse from Cherry offers cools design with an unbeatable price/performance ratio. The illuminating scroll wheel and rubber, ribbed side surfaces guarantee the best possible user comfort.
D7819493	The INITIAL Corded MultiMedia Keyboard from Cherry is perfect for anyone who appreciates a standard flat keyboard with modern design. 5 additional hotkeys make multimedia applications easy to operate.
D7819494	The "INITIAL for MAC" from Cherry is the ideal solution for all Mac users looking for a reliable keyboard with unique design and pleasant confirmation feeling at a reasonable price.
D7824130	This video card features Gigabyte's Multi-Core technology. Utilizing 3 cool points instead of the traditional single node to connect the heat pipes to the fins, Gigabyte's Multi-Core technology provides additional thermal conductivity for better performance especially during heavy loading. Featuring a series of ultra-thin layered fins with nodes of copper, these added cooling points on the heat pipes help to increase the heat conduction ratio, thereby enhancing overall thermal performance. Using 2 vents to take advantage of the natural convection of airflow inside the chassis, Gigabyte's Multi-Core technology is able to efficiently disperse the heat from the GPU.
D7824146	You can exceptionally high-quality prints with fine detail thanks to a separate dye-based black ink for photos, 1pl ink droplets and a resolution of 9600 x 2400dpi. A premium print engine makes it possible to create a photolab-quality print in approximately 20 seconds. Quality and efficiency are maintained through the use of 5 Single Inks - simply replace individual ink tanks when they run out.A range of practical functions makes creating photos and documents even more exciting and productive. With Canon's Easy-PhotoPrint EX it's easy to print calendars, albums and photos. Auto photo fix automatically corrects photos, including red-eye correction; auto duplex makes double-side printing straightforward - saving on paper and producing professional-looking documents. Two paper trays enable users to have plain and photo paper loaded at once.Managing your data storage is easy as you can personalize your DVDs and CDs for business, friends and family. Simply print direct onto the surface of the printable DVD or CD.There is no need for a PC to be involved in your print process. With PictBridge technology you have a quick and convenient way to print images from compatible digital cameras, camcorders or mobile phones.
D7824198	ASUS VW192T+ is the first 19-inch 16:10 widescreen LCD monitor with 1680 x 1050 high resolution. 36% higher resolution and 15% shorter pixel pitch deliver finer image quality than normal 19-inch widescreen LCD monitors. Wide viewing angles bring more comfortable vision. 16.7 million display colors deliver rich and colorful images to surprise your eyes. Perfect for editing images, watching movies, or playing games.VW192T+ incorporates wide viewing angles, 5 ms response time and 300 nits brightness together to deliver clear and smooth image quality. The innovative ASCR (ASUS Smart Contrast Ratio technology) provides the high contrast ratio of 4000:1, which can dynamically adjust contrast between black and white, to create sharper and more stereoscopic images especially during video and movies.VW192T+ incorporates DVI input with HDCP (High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection) supported to ensure high-resolution video signal integrity and image quality.
D7824925	Marketing description is not available.
D7824964	The Acer S1200 is capable of projecting clear, large images up to 82 inches diagonal even while it is positioned as close as one meter from the screen. Ultra-short throw projection enhances flexibility and provides greater viewing comfort without sacrificing precise image quality.Casting 2500 ANSI Lumens brightness, 2000:1 contrast ratio and native XGA (1024 x 768) resolution, the Acer S1200 presents sharp details in various scenarios, making it ideal for education and business needs.An HDMI port offers advanced digital connectivity to full HD devices, and Acer ColorBoost II technology presents brighter, more natural colors using advanced image processing and lamp illumination, resulting in a richer viewing experience. What's more, the Acer S1200 helps preserve the earth's resources with Acer EcoProjection and Acer ePower Management technologies by offering power-saving configurations.
D7825003	The Club 3D HD4850 Overclocked Edition offers rock solid performance and ultra realistic effects for today's hottest PC games. It is designed for the ultimate balance between high-definition video playback and PC gaming entertainment. It is the ultimate upgrade for an extreme powerful Multimedia PC.
D7825104	Marketing description is not available.
D7825133	PRODUCT FEATURES:DX10.1OpenGL2.1Shader Model 4.1
D7825134	The ASUS EAH4670 series utilizes a specially designed fansink that effectively dissipates heat away from the graphics card. This fansink quickly transfers heat away from the GPU to lower temperatures by a whopping 15°C in comparison to reference design boards. Besides this extraordinary cooling capacity, the fansink operates 16dB quieter than generic designed fansinks - catering to users who require maximum cooling without excessive fan rotation noise.Utilizing any HDMI product that is not approved may result in poor performance, and can even void the warranty on other HDMI enabled hardware. Therefore, the "HDMI Certified" ASUS EAH4670 series - which supports native HDMI, truly are the most trusted graphics cards for home theater enthusiasts.Keeping in line with ASUS' rock solid promise for quality, the EAH4670 series comes with several solutions to deliver top quality graphic performances. The LF PAK MOS guarantees more efficient power with less heat generation; while Japan-made solid capacitors lower power loss for more stable operations - even under long-term usage. Additionally, the EAH4670 series also comes with EMI shielding to reduce 66% EMI interference - producing more stable signals; while DIP spring chokes lower temperatures by 5-10°C in comparison to traditional toroidal coil chokes. Thus, users will enjoy extreme graphical performances and retain peace of mind with the ASUS EAH4670 series.
D7825135	PRODUCT FEATURES:ASUS Splendid - watch movies on PC is as good as on top-of-the-line consumer televisionASUS Gamer OSD - real-time overclocking, benchmarking and video capturing in any PC gameASUS SmartDoctor - your intelligent hardware protection and overclocking toolASUS Video Security onlineAGP 8x interfaceATI Hybrid GraphicsFull support for Microsoft DirectX10.1 and Shader Model 4.1 enables stunning and complex special effectsOpenGL2.0 support
D7825137	PRODUCT FEATURES:NVIDIA GeForce 9500GTFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportHDCP compliantNVIDIA SLI technologyDual-link DVI supportNVIDIA PureVideo HD technology
D7825626	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 Series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards. Dollar-for-dollar, this GPU packs great performance.
D7827644	The EX630 has selected the ECO engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function by EX630, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks.Press on the ECO touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode. This is to minimize the battery power consumption while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, and dealing with office documentation tasks.The EX630 is equipped with two Hi-Fi speakers on either sides of the touch sensor. After the metallic finishing on the speaker pores, the look is simplistic and attractive, and the high-end audio performance has also improved. There is also an embedded bass speaker at the bottom of the console offering a more moving and realistic experience in sound. Furthermore, the embedded high performance subwoofer design at the bottom of the computer can create shocking effects. The clear distinction of levels from bass to treble can provide an appealing and vivid audio feast of sounds.
D7827646	The EX620 has selected the ECO engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function by EX620, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks.Press on the ECO touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode. This is to minimize the battery power consumption while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, and dealing with documentation.The EX620 is equipped with two Hi-Fi speakers on either sides of the touch sensor. After the metallic finishing on the speaker pores, the look is simplistic and attractive, and the high-end audio performance has also improved. There is also an embedded bass speaker at the bottom of the console offering a more moving and realistic experience in sound. Furthermore, the embedded high performance subwoofer design at the bottom of the computer can create shocking effects. The clear distinction of levels from bass to treble can provide an appealing and vivid audio feast of sounds.
D7827647	The EX620 has selected the ECO engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function by EX620, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks.Press on the ECO touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode. This is to minimize the battery power consumption while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, and dealing with documentation.The EX620 is equipped with two Hi-Fi speakers on either sides of the touch sensor. After the metallic finishing on the speaker pores, the look is simplistic and attractive, and the high-end audio performance has also improved. There is also an embedded bass speaker at the bottom of the console offering a more moving and realistic experience in sound. Furthermore, the embedded high performance subwoofer design at the bottom of the computer can create shocking effects. The clear distinction of levels from bass to treble can provide an appealing and vivid audio feast of sounds.
D7827655	The U100 series has selected a 10" wide LCD display as oppose to the typical smaller sizes to provide better comfort while viewing or reading. In addition, the 1024 x 600 resolution can relief concerns of the full display of webpages while browsing, giving you the freedom when exploring the Internet.The U100 series is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.The U100 series is equipped with the capability of magnifying text within software, so you may magnify any of the words displayed on the monitor freely, making it easier when you are viewing photos, editing or reading documents.MSI has the same persistence for proper ergonomically design even on the keyboards of the smaller notebook computers. The keyboard of the U100 series not only has great texture, it also increased the space between the keys to 17.5mm, allowing you to be as comfortable as you can. Plus, ingeniously designed spacebar and touchpad, your fingers can move smoothly while avoiding strain.
D7827895	TSS075EU Micro Slipcase is the ultimate slim-line protection for your ultra portable PC. This cute slipcase has a hard exterior and soft internal lining to protect against damage. The case has been thoughtfully designed to be versatile; it can be used on its own or slipped inside another bag. If you are on the move and using your laptop, the case can be used as a lap-desk by fully opening the side zips. Alternatively use as a simple slip with the Velcro flap giving quick access.
D7827896	TSS079EU Micro Slipcase is the ultimate slim-line protection for your ultra portable PC. This cute slipcase has a hard exterior and soft internal lining to protect against damage. The case has been thoughtfully designed to be versatile; it can be used on its own or slipped inside another bag. If you are on the move and using your laptop, the case can be used as a lap-desk by fully opening the side zips.
D7829818	The Gigabyte GV NX84S512HP features nView Multi-Display technology. The advanced technology provides the ultimate in viewing flexibility and control for multiple monitors. NVIDIA GPUs are enabled to support multi-displays, but graphics cards vary.It also features PureVideo HD. Available on HD DVDs and Blue-ray discs, high-definition movies are bringing an exciting video experience to PC users. NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology lets you enjoy cinematic-quality HD DVD and Blue-ray movies with low CPU utilization and power consumption, allowing higher quality movie playback and picture clarity. PureVideo HD technology provides a combination of powerful hardware acceleration, content security, and integration with movie players, plus all the features found in PureVideo.
D7832424	Long thought to be the market of the conservative gamer, the affordable mainstream products, which use to suffer only adequate performance, now experiences a frame rate revival with the Sapphire HD 3850. Built upon the award-winning Radeon HD 3850 core, the Sapphire 3850 offers a comprehensive feature set that eclipses previous and current mainstream offerings. Unleash the enthusiast inside you with support for advanced technologies such as DirectX 10.1 and Shader Model 4.1. Pair two together for the ultimate gaming experience with CrossFire X support! Jam a Sapphire HD 3850 into your rig and still have some coin left over to buy that title you have been waiting for!
D7832430	Play the Vista way! Ignite your imagination with the technology that makes distant worlds erupt with vibrant textures rendered in High-Definition clarity a reality. The Sapphire HD3450 is Microsoft VISTA compatible with awesome power of 40 stream processing units, accelerates next generation DirectX 10 games while remaining best in its price vs. performance class. Support for the latest Shader Model 4 boost the level of realism provided by the HD3450 to new heights and the available on board memory of 256MB or 512MB of DDR/GDDR ensures a smooth frame rate in all of today's hot titles and applications. Enhance the way you play not the amount you pay.
D7832431	Play the Vista way! Ignite your imagination with the technology that makes distant worlds erupt with vibrant textures rendered in High-Definition clarity a reality. The Sapphire HD3450 is Microsoft VISTA compatible with awesome power of 40 stream processing units, accelerates next generation DirectX 10 games while remaining best in its price vs. performance class. Support for the latest Shader Model 4 boost the level of realism provided by the HD3450 to new heights and the available on board memory of 256MB or 512MB of DDR/GDDR ensures a smooth frame rate in all of today's hot titles and applications. Enhance the way you play not the amount you pay.
D7832444	Play the Vista way! Ignite your imagination with the technology that makes distant worlds erupt with vibrant textures rendered in High-Definition clarity a reality. The Sapphire HD3450 is Microsoft VISTA compatible with awesome power of 40 stream processing units, accelerates next generation DirectX 10 games while remaining best in its price vs. performance class. Support for the latest Shader Model 4 boost the level of realism provided by the HD3450 to new heights and the available on board memory of 256MB or 512MB of DDR/GDDR ensures a smooth frame rate in all of today's hot titles and applications. Enhance the way you play not the amount you pay.
D7832497	XFX offers up something new and exciting - the XFX GeForce 9500 GT, the ultimate multi-media multi-tasker that's known for all it can take. The 9500 GT delivers an improved 3D experience with Microsoft Windows media center that allows users to offload tasks from the CPU, which increases productivity and enables users to share, edit and manage photos and videos better than ever before. It takes video playback to a new level, with advanced PureVideo HD technology that delivers jaw-dropping Blu-ray movie picture quality with reduced CPU utilization and low power consumption.Offering a 3X performance increase over compatible cards, the 9500 GT delivers the most gaming horsepower available. The 9500 GT ensures that users will be able to play all of today's - and tomorrow's -games the way they were meant to be played.
D7832503	Compatible with Serial ATA standardSuitable for data transfer up to 300 MB/sMale connector 90° angled
D7832505	Allows to use all kind of IDE storage devices with 40pol IDC connector with a serial ATA controller"Stand alone" Serial ATA to Ultra ATA bridge board designConform to Serial ATA 1.0 Specifications, Revision 2.2Supports PIO mode 0-4Ultra ATA 133/100/66/33 supportCompact dimensions for direct connection to ATA hard drives
D7832857	The P5QL-CM motherboard supports the Intel 45nm CPU which introduces the micro-architecture features for greater performance at a given frequency, up to 50% larger L2 caches, and expanded power management capabilities for new levels of energy efficiency.The P5QL-CM motherboard supports the PCIe 2.0 devices for double speed and bandwidth which enhances system performance.The on-board LAN controller is a highly integrated GbLAN controller. It is enhanced with an ACPI management function to provide efficient power management for advanced operating systems.This motherboard supports next-generation SATA hard drives based on the Serial ATA(SATA) 3Gb/s storage specification, delivering enhanced scalability and doubling the bus bandwidth for high -speed data retrieval and saves.Enjoy high-quality sound system on your PC! The onboard 8-channel HD audio (High Definition Audio, previously codenamed Azalia) CODEC enables high-quality audio output, jack-detect feature automatically.
D7832861	Offering HDMI support and utilizing the 630a chipset from Nvidia, with support for the latest AM2/AM2+ processors, the M2N68-VM also comes with ASUS Express Gate, access internet functions in seconds.
D7832889	PRODUCT FEATURES:Saving power under variable loadingPower usage more efficiencyHelp end-users upgrade CPU FSB directlySkip the complicated BIOS OC setting and enjoy the higher level CPU performanceExcellent energy-saving capability and offers high-computing performanceProvide superior energy-saving function and maintain an ultimate low temperature operationComes with three incredible featuresLonger lifespan than electrolytic capacitorsEndurable to operation under higher frequency and temperatureAvoid exploding capacitors to cause mainboards failureA choke is an inductor responsible for storing power and regulates the currentAll shielded choke could reduce core power loss, lower EMI interferenceStore energy longer at higher frequency, achieving higher efficiency2-phase Power on memory/northbridgeNative PCI Express 2.0Key components status hardware monitorMonitor the Dual Core CPU each unit statusOptimize System status defineAuto speed up with system loading changeSupports Intel Core 2 Extreme/Core 2 Quad/Core 2 Duo based processors in LGA775 packageSupports Intel Yorkfield, Wolfdale in the LGA775 packageThe mainboard BIOS provides "Plug & Play" BIOS to detect the peripheral devices and expansion cards of the board automaticallyThe mainboard provides a Desktop Management Interface (DMI) function to record your mainboard specifications
D7832890	PRODUCT FEATURES:Help end-users upgrade CPU FSB directlySkip the complicated BIOS OC setting and enjoy the higher level CPU performancePower usage more efficiencyLonger lifespan than electrolytic capacitorsEndurable to operation under higher frequency and temperatureAvoid exploding capacitors to cause mainboards failureStore energy longer at higher frequency, achieving higher efficiencyMake overclocking easier for end-users
D7832892	PRODUCT FEATURES:Key components status hardware monitorMonitor the dual core CPU each unit statusOptimize system status defineAuto speed up with system loading changeSupports Intel Core 2 Quad/Core 2 Duo based processors in LGA775 packageSupports Intel Yorkfield, Wolfdale in the LGA775 packageSupports Intel next generation 45nm multi-core processorsSupports PCI Express LAN 10/100/1000 Fast Ethernet by Realtek 8111CThe mainboard BIOS provides "Plug and Play" BIOS which detects the peripheral devices and expansion cards of the board automaticallyThe mainboard provides a Desktop Management Interface (DMI) function which records your mainboard specifications
D7832893	The DKA790GX series mainboards are based on AMD 790GX and SB750 chipset for optimal system efficiency. Designed to fit the advanced AMD Athlon 64/Phenom processor, the DKA790GX series delivers a high performance and professional desktop platform solution.
D7832895	The KA780G mainboard is based on AMD 780G/SB700 chipsets for optimal system efficiency. Designed to fit the advanced AMD processors KA780G delivers a high performance and professional desktop platform solution.
D7832896	This high-end level graphics card is based on the latest second generation of 55nm GPU. Integrated with the ATI PowerPlay power-saving technology, MSI R4870-T2D1G provides twice the performance enhancement with the same wattage. It conforms to the environmental energy conservation worldwide initiative with MSI (ECOlution) environmental protection theory of evolution objective. In addition, MSI R4870-T2D1G graphics card also has the advanced UVD 2.0 video decoder core, a built-in HDCP key encryption which supports Blu-Ray and HD DVD movie disc playback and make 100% complete hardware acceleration to the MPEG-2/VC-1/H.264 video format. MSI R4870-T2D1G graphics card supports CrossFireX technology. Combined with CrossFire ready mainboard to enable 2-4 graphics cards to work at the same time; substantially enhancing gaming performance.
D7832903	The MSI P45-8D Memory Lover motherboard is powered by the Intel P45 Express chipset. The main feature of P45-8D Memory Lover is the superb memory expansion flexibility.P45-8D Memory Lover is also equipped with PCI Express 2.0 x16 graphics card slot, which allows up to twice the bandwidth of current PCI Express slot. In audio processing, P45-8D Memory Lover comes with 8-channel high-definition audio codec which can handle multiple sources. Users can enjoy high-definition 3D games and high-quality sound. P45-8D Memory Lover comes with the cooling heat-pipe design with high thermal efficiency to rule out the heat of the North Bridge and South Bridge quickly, ensuring better stability than other same level products. In addition, P45-8D Memory Lover also comes with the "Memory Identifier" and "Memory Runner" design.
D7835525	The TravelMate 6493 series is ideal for users who require reliable performance and leading security in a highly mobile machine. Based on Core 2 Duo processor and a high-resolution 14.1" widescreen, the TravelMate 6493 series gives an ample performance for demanding business tasks.
D7835526	The TravelMate 6493 series is ideal for users who require reliable performance and leading security in a highly mobile machine. A high-resolution 14.1" widescreen and high system memory give ample performance for demanding business tasks. The TPM-based Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint security solution and enhanced DASP ensure data security, while the Acer Video Conference solution delivers on-the-go business video conferencing capabilities for exceptional versatility.
D7835528	The TravelMate 6593 series was designed for smart-thinking users from small, medium and large-sized companies and self-employed professionals looking for unrivaled performance and technology combined with the maximum of today's mobile security features in the office and on the move. The TravelMate 6593 series is geared to provide the most comprehensive desktop performance in its class, complete with full manageability and security features like fingerprint reader and TPM (Trusted Platform Module) solution, total wired and wireless connectivity and all-day efficiency.
D7835529	Powered by groundbreaking Intel Centrino 2 technology, the 15.4" TravelMate 6593 series features enhanced manageability, unfailing security and dependable performance. The TPM-based Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint solution featuring Pre-Boot Authentication couple with enhanced DASP to reinforce data security and hardware damage control, while the Acer Video Conference solution and Intel Active Management Technology 4.0 (Intel AMT 4.0) provide intuitive, consistent on-the-road business communication.
D7836028	SanDisk is proud to announce their newest format and capacity to the SD card family: micro SD high capacity flash card. It comes with a full size SD adapter to fit into devices with an SD slot.
D7836029	With its innovative cap-less design, the SanDisk Ultra Cruzer Titanium safely delivers anything and everything that users want to take with them. And considering that it's made with a crush-resistant casing, its tough enough to take just about anywhere.
D7836448	The Razer Salmosa is the quickest entry level gaming-grade mouse armed with the fastest tracking optical sensor in the world. Designed to be one of the lightest and most compact mice of its class, it is the ideal mouse of choice for finger-tip grip gamers who seek both speed and control.
D7837233	Marketing description is not available.
D7838288	The Deskstar 7K1000.B hard drive provides an exceptional blend of power efficiency and performance making it an ideal solution for power-friendly consumer and commercial PCs. Leveraging seventh-generation power management technology as well as power-saving innovations pioneered on the popular 2.5-inch line of notebook hard drives from Hitachi, this new breed of desktop drive delivers best-in-class power management and thermal emissions, while maintaining high standards of performance.
D7838591	The LG Super-Multi GH22LS30 internal SATA DVD Rewriter features a 22x DVD±R write speed and SecurDisc technology that allows you to protect and share data securely. The GH22LS30 includes LightScribe which gives you the added feature of etching customized labels onto a special coated LightScribe disc. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH22LS30 reads and writes in many formats. Burn and guard your data with the LG GH22LS30.
D7838592	The LG Super-Multi GH22LS30 internal SATA DVD Rewriter features a 22x DVD±R write speed and SecurDisc technology that allows you to protect and share data securely. The GH22LS30 includes LightScribe which gives you the added feature of etching customized labels onto a special coated LightScribe disc. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH22LS30 reads and writes in many formats. Burn and guard your data with the LG GH22LS30.
D7838598	PRODUCT FEATURES:World's fastest 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interface
D7838599	PRODUCT FEATURES:World's fastest 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interface
D7838649	Front and rear 12cm quite fans maximize airflow inside the systemSide venting areas and air-duct enhance heat dissipationScrew-less design for quick and easy installationFolded edge to keep your fingers from injuriesSpring-opened door for easy optical drive device operation
D7841449	The Corsair Flash Voyager family of USB drives is rugged, stylish, compact, and reliable, making them ideal for transporting MP3s, digital images, presentations and more. The Flash Voyager Mini is the newest member of the Flash Voyager family.The ultra portable Flash Voyager Mini packs a lot of features in its small package. The Flash Voyager Mini utilizes a cap-less retractable connector plug which easily opens with the flick of the thumb. The ergonomic rubberized housing makes it easy to connect and disconnect from any computer. Utilizing an all-rubber housing, the Voyager Mini is water-resistant and shock proof, allowing users carry their value data and applications without compromise.The Corsair Flash Voyager Mini is the perfect flash drive for users with busy and active lifestyles. Utilizing the latest Chip-on-Board technology the Flash Voyager Mini is the perfect synergy of size, looks and function.
D7841944	PRODUCT FEATURES:SATA to USB and eSATA interfaceCompliant with Serial ATA II Electrical specification 1.0Connects to 2.5" and 3.5" SATA-II, SATA hard driveCompliant with USB mass storage classSupports USB 2.0 and USB 1.1Maximum transfer rate up to 480 mbpsSupports eSATA II standardMaximum transfer rate up to 3GBbpsPlug and play without rebootingHot-swap capability for rapid multi HDDs access and exchangeCompatible with notebooks and PCsLED for activity and power
D7844554	Samsung laser multifunction print cartridges offer great quality and excellent performance for an affordable, professional quality document printing. The cartridge also has a new advanced toner, ease-for-use and smart technology. This high-capacity toner decreases cost per print and increases productivity.
D7844555	High toner capacity fits well with your business environment. Standard yield cartridges ensure excellent print value for low-volume users. Low total cost of ownership saves you money and time. Real Time Consumable monitoring technology notifies customers when toner is low or needs to be replaced.
D7844728	This personal mono laser printer puts professional print performance right at your fingertips, at a speed of 16 pages per minute. The stylish, space-saving design includes a convenient, retractable paper tray cover.Get prints when you need them, without waiting, thanks to Canon's Quick First-Print technologies. The i-SENSYS LBP3100 has no warm-up time from sleep mode, so you can always start printing straight away. What's more, a fast First Print Out Time of 8.5 seconds or less saves you even more time.Give all your work a truly professional touch. Canon's MS (Magnetic Spherical) Toner has been specially developed to deliver outstanding results with laser printing - producing sharp, black text and superb graphics. A print resolution up to 2400 x 600 dpi using Automatic Image Refinement (AIR) ensures that the finest details come out clearly.This energy efficient, eco-friendly printer uses only 2 watts in sleep mode. A convenient front power switch makes it easy to turn off, cutting energy costs even further. Thanks to the fan-less engine design, this desktop unit is silent in standby and quiet during operation - so you can concentrate on your work without any distracting background noise.Simply replace the compact cartridge - containing toner, drum and cleaning units. There's no mess and no hassle. To benefit from continuous high quality output, always use Authentic Canon Laser Cartridges.
D7844729	With 23 ppm printing and professional output, this compact laser printer is ideal for personal and small office use. Benefit from time and energy-saving technologies, ease of use and quiet operation.Increase productivity with this stylish mono laser printer, offering a rapid print speed of 23 pages per minute. The compact unit fits neatly on your desktop, with a retractable paper tray cover saving additional space.Get prints when you need them, without waiting, thanks to Canon's Quick First-Print technologies. The i-SENSYS LBP3250 has no warm-up time from sleep mode, so you can always start printing straight away. What's more, a fast first print out time of 6 seconds or less saves you even more time.Give all your work a truly professional touch. Canon's MS (Magnetic Spherical) toner has been specially developed to deliver outstanding results with laser printing - producing sharp, black text and superb graphics. A print resolution up to 2400 x 600 dpi using automatic image refinement ensures that the finest details come out clearly.This energy efficient, eco-friendly printer uses only 2 watts in sleep mode. A convenient front power switch makes it easy to turn off, cutting energy costs even further. Thanks to the fan-less engine design, this desktop unit is silent in standby and quiet during operation - so you can concentrate on your work without any distracting background noise.Simply replace the compact cartridge - containing toner, drum and cleaning units - and the printer is as good as new. There's no mess and no hassle. To benefit from continuous high quality output, always use authentic Canon laser cartridges.
D7844730	This compact, affordable and energy-efficient desktop laser printer is perfect for your personal use. It offers professional output with quiet, maintenance-free operation and exceptional ease of use.Designed for your desktop, this personal mono laser printer delivers professional prints at a speed of 14 pages per minute. Stylish and affordable, its space-saving design includes a practical retractable paper tray cover.Get prints when you need them, without waiting, thanks to Quick First-Print technologies. The i-SENSYS LBP3010 has no warm-up time from sleep mode, so you can always start printing straight away. What's more, a fast first print out time of 8.5 seconds or less saves you even more time.Give all your work a truly professional touch. Cannon's MS (Magnetic Spherical) Toner has been specially developed to deliver outstanding results with laser printing - producing sharp, black text and superb graphics.This energy efficient, eco-friendly printer uses only 2 watts in sleep mode. A convenient front power switch makes it easy to turn off, cutting energy costs even further. Thanks to the fan-less engine design, this desktop unit is silent in standby and quiet during operation - so you can concentrate on your work without any distracting background noise.Simply replace the compact cartridge - containing toner, drum and cleaning units. There's no mess and no hassle. To benefit from continuous high quality output, always use authentic Canon laser cartridges.
D7844731	Share professional color output with this stylish, network ready, desktop laser printer. Compact, quiet, easy to operate and energy efficient, it's the ideal color solution for small businesses.
D7844732	Impress with professional color output. This compact color laser printer offers personal and small office users superb quality with quick, quiet operation - in a convenient, space-saving design.
D7844736	Give your small business a big advantage with professional color output. This intelligent color laser 4-in-1 offers powerful send functionality and auto duplexing in a robust, easy to use unit.The MF8450 sets standards in color output quality for a desktop device by incorporating many of the advanced technologies found in Canon's high-end imaging devices: including Pure Black technology, Real-Time ACS (Auto Color Select), a Super Toric lens, and Dual Direct Mapping technology. High-quality color scans, copies and prints are easy to obtain, with superb color images and graphics, sharp fine text, and unrivalled color consistency and accuracy - even for those images featuring fine skin tones and shaded areas.The MF8450 combines quality with speed. The 4D in-line print engine produces color and mono prints and copies at consistently high speeds: 17 ppm/cpm. First copy out time is approximately 14 seconds. Furthermore, Canon's Quick First-Print technologies, including On-Demand Fixing technology, ensure zero warm-up time and no waiting, even from sleep mode.
D7844737	Enhance communications with high quality color output, powerful SEND functionality and auto duplexing. This robust color multifunctional printer is ideal for corporate and small business workgroups.Give your work added impact with beautiful color images, bold graphics and sharp text. This desktop model incorporates many of the advanced technologies found in Canon's high-end imaging devices to deliver the finest color quality.With Canon's Quick First-Print technologies there's zero warm-up time, so no waiting. The unit springs into action the moment it's needed. And with up to 21 ppm color print or copy speeds, there's also no waiting for jobs to complete. The i-SENSYS MF9130 is Energy Star certified and consumes only 1.2 watts in sleep mode.The large 3.5 inch color TFT display with Easy-Scroll Wheel allows easy access to all functions. A target-orientated graphical menu enables speedy, smooth operation.
D7844738	This intelligent color laser 4-in-1, including fax, offers professional color output, powerful send functionality and auto duplexing. It's the ideal solution for corporate and business workgroups.Give your work added impact with beautiful color images, bold graphics and sharp text. This desktop model incorporates many of the advanced technologies found in Canon's high-end imaging devices to deliver the finest color quality.With Canon's Quick First-Print technologies there's zero warm-up time, so no waiting. The unit springs into action the moment it's needed. And with up to 21 ppm color print or copy speeds, there's also no waiting for jobs to complete. The i-SENSYS MF9170 is Energy Star certified and consumes only 1.2 watts in sleep mode.Cut costs, save paper and produce professional documents with automatic double-sided printing. The duplex automatic document feeder enables fast automatic double-sided copying, scanning and faxing.
D7844739	This compact mono laser all-in-one is energy efficient, easy to use and offers auto double-sided printing. It delivers fast, professional output, with automatic document feeding to boost productivity.There's no waiting or wasting time with Quick First-Print technologies. With instant warm-up, the machine springs into action the moment you need it. This economical unit uses only 3 watts in sleep mode, ensuring energy efficiency.Save paper, cut costs and produce professional documents with convenient automatic double-sided printing. Reduced paper usage also helps protect the environment. Scan color documents and photos easily and save in diverse file formats. Scan directly to PDF to speed up your workflow and create convenient, searchable PDFs.Offering excellent value for money, the Canon i-SENSYS MF4330D provides superb print, copy and color scan performance in one space-saving unit - to maximize efficiency and minimize investment costs.
D7844740	This compact and complete mono laser all-in-one adds fax functionality to professional laser printing, copying and scanning. Fast and energy efficient, it features easy, auto double-sided printing.
D7844741	Benefit from professional print, fax, copy and scan quality - with automatic document feeding to boost productivity. This compact mono laser All-in-One is fast and features auto double-sided printing.
D7844742	Small workgroups can share print, fax, copy and scan functions with this compact, network-ready communications center. It delivers fast and professional mono output with auto double-sided printing.
D7844743	This compact, network-ready communications center helps small, busy offices speed up their workflow. Automatic feeding for double-sided printing, faxing, copying and scanning enhances productivity.
D7844744	Benefit from professional print, copy and scan quality with this compact and affordable mono laser All-in-One. Fast, easy to use and energy efficient, it features automatic doubled-sided printing.Speed up your workflow with productive printing and copying at a fast 22 ppm/cpm. An enhanced print resolution of up to 1200 x 600 dpi delivers professional laser output for all your work, with sharp text and fine graphics.There's no waiting or wasting time thanks to Quick First-Print technologies. With instant warm-up, the machine springs into action the moment you need it. This economical unit uses only 3 watts in sleep mode, ensuring energy efficiency and lower energy cost.Save paper, cut costs and produce professional documents with convenient automatic double-sided printing. Reduced paper usage also helps protect the environment.
D7845333	Ultra-high brightness of 4500 ANSI Lumens makes the Acer P7280 professional projector ideal for a variety of presentation settings with bright ambient light. Native XGA (1024 x 768) resolution and 2300:1 contrast ratio ensure sharply defined details and truer blacks. Acer ColorBoost technology uses a 6-segment color wheel to optimize color and brightness, presenting nature's true colors and lifelike images. Advanced digital connectivity via HDMI and DVI-D ports links the P7280 to full HD devices for an enriching, absorbing viewing experience.
D7845334	The Acer P7270i projector delivers high-performance enterprise-class projection with wireless convenience. With 4000 ANSI Lumens, native XGA (1024 x 768) resolution, and 2300:1 contrast ratio, this powerful projector presents brilliant imagery even in large venues with ample ambient light. HDMI and DVI-D ports allow connectivity to the newest digital devices with full HD 1080p video output. The P7270i also features the latest 802.11b/g wireless technology for instantaneous transmission of HD video and audio in any room or viewing environment.
D7845423	The F80-S01Floor is a floor pull up front projection screen with an aspect ratio of 4:3 and a diagonal of 80 inch.
D7845425	The Acer P1166 projector delivers quality home entertainment and SMB/classroom presentations at a reasonable price. Stacked with features like optimized color performance via 2500 ANSI Lumens brightness, an HDMI port, a 6-segment color wheel with 3X rotation speed, support for both 4:3 displays and widescreens through Acer SmartFormat, and Acer ColorBoost II and EcoProjection technologies, this projector promises fine detail, realistic colors and easy handling for a wide range of users.
D7845808	WD Caviar Black drives combine a high performance electronics architecture with a rock solid mechanical architecture to deliver the perfect storage solution for your fully-loaded PC or maxed out gaming machine. Cool drive operation, no-touch head technology, and leading-edge vibration protection ensure enhanced reliability and sustained data throughput.It's ideal for power computing applications such as multimedia, video and photo editing, and maxed out gaming computers.
D7845809	WD Caviar Black drives combine a high performance electronics architecture with a rock solid mechanical architecture to deliver the perfect storage solution for your fully-loaded PC or maxed out gaming machine. Cool drive operation, no-touch head technology, and leading-edge vibration protection ensure enhanced reliability and sustained data throughput.It's ideal for power computing applications such as multimedia, video and photo editing, and maxed out gaming computers.
D7845810	As hard drive capacities increase, the power required to run those drives increases as well. WD Caviar Green drives make it possible for energy-conscious customers to build systems with higher capacities and the right balance of system performance, ensured reliability, and energy conservation.
D7846549	PRODUCT FEATURES:22" widescreen active matrix TFT displayVESA standard mounting points
D7848476	The Wireless N PCI Adapter allows you to connect your desktop computer wirelessly with unsurpassed speed and reliability. Enjoy up to 8x the speed and 4x the coverage of a wireless g connection. Upgrade your desktop and enjoy faster than wired speeds with a wireless connection. Setup is a breeze with Wi-Fi protected setup technology. Advanced wireless encryption protects your valuable data. The latest in MIMO antenna technology ensures the fastest communication speeds that wireless n technology provides. Stream media, download files, play games and talk online when connected to a wireless n router.
D7849235	The MSI KA790GX is designed to meet the needs of passionate gamers and high-end multimedia enthusiasts. Use KA790GX motherboard to playback Blu-ray disc, ensuring movies playback smoothly and with incredible detail.
D7849473	The Extensa 5230 series from Acer provides exceptional features and value for money. Powered by an Intel Celeron M processor, it features Acer's enhanced DASP hard drive protection technology and productivity keys, providing performance and reliability for your day to day computing needs.
D7849479	The TravelMate 5730 boasts features perfectly suited to your busy life, including the latest Intel Centrino Duo processor technology. Full wired and wireless connectivity will keep you in touch, and the optional EasyPort IV dock is available for easy connection to office peripherals.
D7849481	The TravelMate 7730 boasts enhanced productivity, solid connectivity, maximum expandability, and strict security.
D7849483	Designed for efficient business computing with style, the TravelMate 5730 series offers intense on-the-road performance via the Intel Centrino 2 mobile platform with the Intel Core 2 Duo processor. The Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint solution guards the notebook against unauthorized access while enhanced Acer Disk Anti-Shock Protection (DASP) keeps the hard drive safe from the rigors of mobile use. The Intel Wireless Wi-Fi Link 5100/5300 Wi-Fi Certified network connection and Acer Video Conference Manager with the integrated Acer Crystal Eye webcam ensure reliable communication at all times.
D7849485	The Acer TravelMate 7530 series has everything companies need to maximize their business performance. Boasting a superb widescreen panel and equipped with the powerful AMD Turion 64 X2 Mobile Technology, it provides a complete solution for today's demanding business users at great value. The wide TFT panel, the latest wireless technology and Acer's innovative Empowering Technology make the new TravelMate 7530 series the perfect example of Acer's strategy to provide powerful tools to business customers that want to take business productivity to the next level.
D7849962	The Gigabyte GV-R467D3-512I video card is powered by Radeon HD 4670 GPU. Faster clocks, double the transistor density of earlier 65nm technology. 55nm technology helped make HD4670 series products the most advanced GPUs ever highest clocks speeds, incredible feature integration, full performance and precision all the time, and ability to take advantage of future, higher-speed memories.
D7852334	The Logitech UltraX Premium Keyboard Black with soft-touch, low-profile notebook keycaps delivers the ultimate in design to any workplace. It is fully functional without having to install any drivers.
D7852713	Designed for efficient business computing with style, the TravelMate 5730 series offers intense on-the-road performance via the Intel Centrino 2 mobile platform with the latest Intel Core 2 Duo processor. The Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint solution guards the notebook against unauthorized access while enhanced Acer Disk Anti-Shock Protection (DASP) keeps the hard drive safe from the rigors of mobile use.Acer's TravelMate 5730 series comes packaged in the Profile design chassis and boosts on-the-job performance with features perfectly suited to the progressive professional's daily life. The TravelMate Profile's look and feel is all business and equipped with cutting-edge Dual Core processor technology, latest graphics and full wireless communication, the TM5730 series boosts mobility and efficiency of any professional user inside a rigid magnesium alloy chassis for maximum protection.
D7852714	The TravelMate 7730 boasts enhanced productivity, solid connectivity, maximum expandability, and strict security. These benefits come via the Intel Centrino 2 processor technology, Intel Turbo Memory support, the Acer EasyPort IV connector, Acer DASP (Disk Anti-Shock Protection) and the Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint solution.
D7852715	The Extensa 5630 series is the ideal choice for today's business needs. Powered by the latest Intel Core 2 Duo processor and Mobile Intel GM45 express chipset, it features Acer's enhanced DASP hard drive protection technology and productivity keys, providing industry leading performance and reliability for the most demanding mobile usage.
D7852718	The Acer TravelMate 5530 series notebook has been developed with companies that are striving to stay ahead of the competition in mind. Powered by Turion X2 Ultra mobile technology, it combines Dual Core performance with all developments in notebook technology, 15.4'' TFT panel, and a complete suite of productivity-enhancing tools. The TravelMate 5530 series clearly demonstrates Acer's ongoing commitment to provide products that enable users to achieve their goals.
D7854143	This product supports Microsoft DirectX 10. It's world's first DirectX 10 GPU with full Shader Model 4.0 support delivers unparalleled levels of graphics realism and film-quality effects.It is HDMI ready. High Definition Multimedia Interface (HDMI) is an interface standard for consumer electronics devices that combines HDCP-protected digital video and audio into a single, consumer-friendly connector.
D7855485	The TravelMate 7330 features a large screen for opening multiple windows and working more efficiently. Sturdy mobile processor technology and a roomy system memory assure ample performance for demanding tasks. This notebook sports a streamlined look in the Acer ProFile chassis, and has passed a battery of strict reliability tests for best-value professionalism inside and out.
D7855706	Marketing description is not available.
D7855770	PRODUCT FEATURES:Best price and performanceMaximum power efficiency with ATI PowerPlay technologyHDMI with 7.1 surround sound outputLow temperatureLow standby power consumptionHardware CrossFireX portSolid capacitor
D7855771	PRODUCT FEATURES:320 stream processors (2.7x more SP than previous ATI Radeon HD 3650's 120 SP)Second generation DirectX 10.1 architectureSupport ATI CrossFireX technologyUp to 3X performance per Watt compared with ATI Radeon HD 36502nd Generation 55nm ProcessMaximum power efficiency with ATI PowerPlay technology100% offload CPU from MPEG-2/VC-1/H.264 playbackUVD 2.0 - dual stream decodeHDMI with 7.1 surround sound output512MB 1000MHz GDDR2 memoryQuiet FanSolid CapacitorVivid image technologyDual-link DVIPCI Express 2.0HDMI supportHDCP capableBlu-ray HD DVD support
D7857471	The Corsair Power CX400W delivers worry-free compatibility for your home system build or desktop upgrade, with features usually reserved for premium power supplies.The affordable Corsair Power CX400W is not your basic power supply. It features a thermally-controlled 120mm fan for whisper quiet operation and active power factor correction circuitry for clean, reliable power output. The extra long, sleeved cables allow easy integration into a wide variety of cases, and the large number of connectors assures compatibility with nearly all components.
D7857472	The Q2X8G6400C4DHX is 8192MBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been veried to operate at 800MHz at the low latencies of 4-4-4-12.
D7860349	Marketing description is not available.
D7860735	Full-HD Audio/Video digital outputHDMI v1.3a complianceNon-down sampled 192kHz Blu-Ray audioSplendid technology video enhancementComplete Dolby True HD and DTS Master Audio support
D7860736	With industry-leading PAPS and AACS compliance, now you get true Blu-ray audio quality when played on your PC system, only with Xonar HDAV1.3!With upgradeable PAPS on Xonar HDAV1.3, lossless compressed digital audio formats, such as Dolby TrueHD and DTS-HD master audio will be supported for theater-like, professional sound quality, and full flavor output at 96K or 192K is guaranteed.Xonar HDAV1.3 invents its fantastic audio quality with proprietary ASUS AV200, high quality oversampling digital to analog converters, national semiconductor LM4562 OP AMP, and analog-to-digital converter (cirrus logic CS5381, 120dB SNR).
D7861272	Let your monitor dream in Full HD. Increase your desktop entertainment with LG's 22'‘(21.5'‘ viewable) Full HD 1080p 16:9 widescreen LCD monitor, W2261V-PF. Ready to customize your life in the sharpest possible detail? You're already there with Full HD. Only with a Full HD monitor can all your digital devices work seamlessly together in cutting edge quality. Meet your new companion. Your world of entertainment just got that much bigger. Its high resolution (1920x1080) display enables 100% dot-to-dot Full HD image without any distortion. Connect your game console, HD camcorders or Blu-ray player through the HDMI input and enjoy Full HD contents on your desktop. Incredible digital fine contrast ratio 20,000:1 and lighting fast 2ms response time delivers Brilliant, high definition and blur-free images. To play Full HD contents, LG W2261V-PF is the perfect match for the purpose.
D7861273	The FLATRON Wide Format Series are the finest monitors that epitomize a wide variety of cutting-edge technologies. High-tech design, best picture quality and ergonomic functionality optimizes the user environment. Play movies, play games, play wide, play LG!
D7862874	Loaded with the latest features, the Club 3D HD 4670 delivers a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics chips. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Equip your system with a Club 3D HD 4670 graphics card to watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that delivers levels of performance in the mainstream segment.
D7865984	Imagine replacing your all-in-one with a printer that's smaller, quieter and is infinitely easier on the eyes. Best of all, it offers professional-quality color. The CLX-3175FN features 17 ppm black/4 ppm color print speed, 2400 x 600 dpi effective output, manual duplexing and color faxing. And all of this productivity is housed in an elegantly designed form.
D7865985	Imagine replacing your all-in-one with a printer that’s smaller, quieter and is infinitely easier on the eyes. Best of all, it offers professional-quality color. The CLX-3175FW features 17 ppm black/4 ppm color print speed, 2400 x 600dpi effective output, 802.11g wireless network, manual duplexing and color faxing. And all of this productivity is housed in an elegantly designed form, finished in an elegant matte black. It features small, powerful and elegant.
D7866257	The Corsair Flash Voyager family of USB drives is rugged, stylish, compact, and reliable, making them ideal for transporting MP3s, digital images, presentations and more. Flash Voyager drives are fully Plug and Play with most operating systems and are backward compatible with USB 1.1. Their durable rubber casing is easy to grip and water resistant.The Flash Voyager product line is both enclosed in the Corsair proprietary all-rubber Flash Voyager housing. Boasting water-resistant properties, these drives allow users to carry more valuable data and applications without compromise. Several reviews of the Flash Voyager products have demonstrated the ruggedness, durability, and reliability of the Flash Voyager family. The Flash Voyager has been shown laundered, baked, frozen, boiled, dropped, and even run over by a SUV in many third party reviews. After all the punishment it receives, the drive continues to work.
D7867454	The Spinpoint M7 utilizes Samsung's proprietary SilentSeek and NoiseGuard technologies to minimize the noise-level of the mechanical drive operation. The halogen-free drive complies with the European Union's Restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment (RoHS) regulations.The Spinpoint M7 500GB hard drive is lightweight and durable, featuring a 5400rpm spindle speed, 8MB cache, native command queuing and a 3.0Gbps SATA interface. The perpendicular magnetic recording technology enables the 500GB drive to store 160,000 digital images, 125 hours of DVD movies, or 60 hours of high definition video images.
D7867519	The P1266 provides the home entertainment and SMB/classroom presentation performance expected of much more expensive projectors. With optimized color performance via 2500 ANSI Lumens brightness and XGA resolution, the display is clear and vibrant. Other notable features include an HDMI port, a 6-segment color wheel with 3X rotation speed, support for both 4:3 displays and widescreens through Acer SmartFormat, and Acer ColorBoost II and EcoProjection technologies. All told, the P1266 offers a smart blend of high performance and great value.
D7867550	This affordable All-In-One offers superior 1pl, 9600dpi prints for demanding home users. It features include easy-scroll wheel, PictBridge and memory card slots for increased versatility.The PIXMA MP540 offers superior photolab-quality prints with 9600 x 2400dpi print resolution and 1pl ink droplets for smooth tonal gradations and virtually grain-free prints. The ChromaLife100+ system combines Canon's FINE (Full-photolithography Inkjet Nozzle Engineering) print head, dye-based single inks and certain Canon genuine photo paper to deliver long-lasting, beautiful photos.The PIXMA MP540's two paper trays increase media flexibility, allowing the user to pre-load both photo and plain paper. PictBridge compatibility and memory card slots also benefit digital camera users, enabling them to print directly from their camera without needing a PC.
D7867559	Advanced amateur photographers are a discerning group, and they've flocked to Canon's G-series for its ability to meet and exceed their demands. The third-generation PowerShot G10 is a stunning successor, loaded with uncompromising specs like 14.7 megapixels, a 28mm wide-angle lens, and Canon's DIGIC 4 image processor for notably improved face and motion detection. This is a camera that supports and nurtures creativity, with a full range of shooting and recording modes.
D7867561	Whether the action is fast or slow, close up or far away, you'll always get the shot you want with the PowerShot SX10 IS. This camera puts you on the cutting edge of advanced technology, with an incredibly powerful 20x optical zoom, 10-megapixel resolution, and DIGIC 4 image processor for high-performance face and motion detection.The PowerShot SX10 IS is equipped with a 20x optical zoom lens with a focal length of 5.0-100mm that allows you to shoot any scene from wide-angle to telephoto. The camera uses a VCM (Voice Coil Motor) for high-speed, quiet, energy-efficient lens movement with precise control. Focal length is conveniently indicated on the lens barrel.The lens is optimized to fully exploit its zoom length and wide shooting angle in concert with the camera's high 10.0-megapixel resolution. UD glass effectively suppresses chromatic aberration, while enhanced negative refractive power ensures that distortion at the wide-angle is also corrected. Further aberration is controlled with the inclusion of a double-sided aspherical glass-molded lens and ultra-high refraction index lens.The SX10 IS is equipped with Canon's acclaimed optical image stabilizer technology that automatically detects and corrects camera shake - one of the leading causes of fuzzy or blurred shots. Even when zoomed in, you can get the steady, crisp, brilliant images you'll be proud to shoot and share. And Canon's optical image stabilizer technology is convenient to use. It functions perfectly with or without a flash.
D7867564	Canon's update to the wildly popular full frame EOS 5D is here, and it's better than ever. The EOS 5D Mark II has a stunning 21.1-megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor with DIGIC 4 image processor, a vast ISO range of 100-6400, plus EOS technologies like auto lighting optimizer and peripheral illumination correction. It supports Live View shooting, Live View HD videos, and more. It can shoot up to 3.9 fps, has 9 AF points plus 6 AF assist points, a 98% coverage viewfinder, a 3.0-inch Clear View LCD and a rugged build.
D7867565	Canon's update to the wildly popular full frame EOS 5D is here, and it's better than ever. The EOS 5D Mark II has a stunning 21.1-megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor with DIGIC 4 image processor, a vast ISO range of 100-6400, plus EOS technologies like auto lighting optimizer and peripheral illumination correction. It supports Live View shooting, Live View HD videos, and more. It can shoot up to 3.9 fps, has 9 AF points plus 6 AF assist points, a 98% coverage viewfinder, a 3.0-inch Clear View LCD and a rugged build.
D7867566	The 14.7 MP Digital IXUS 980 IS blends technical excellence with a unique, stylish black or silver design. Powered by Canon's DIGIC 4 processor, it combines advanced auto features with manual control.The first Digital IXUS with manual control, the Digital IXUS 980 IS allows shooting in more demanding conditions, or creative experimentation. A further 20 automatic modes include QuickShot, for extra-responsive shooting of fast moving objects or fleeting events.The Digital IXUS 980 IS combats blur with High ISO Auto and Motion Detection technology, which ascertains movement of both camera and subject to set the optimum ISO. Servo AF tracks moving subjects to ensure they remain in focus.
D7867617	Witness firsthand DirectX 10 gaming and HD features without the prohibitive price tag. The Sapphire ATI Radeon HD 2400 PRO provides next generation hardware that promises immersive high definition gaming for Windows Vista and DirectX 10 with easy CrossFire multi-GPU upgradeability to run the hot titles of today and tomorrow. Delivering a fully loaded HD feature-set including support for ATI Avivo HD, HDMI connect ability, HD Audio and Blu-ray / HD DVD decoding via Universal Video Decoding technology, the Sapphire 2400 PRO exceeds the demands of the performance hungry Media PC. The Sapphire Radeon HD 2400 PRO with its robust hardware offerings such as: the much anticipated ATI Radeon HD 2400 PRO GPU, support for up to 256MB of onboard memory, 64-bit memory interface, silent passive cooling, and PCI Express native support will provide the pixel pounding muscle to drive the feature rich Windows Vista 3D environment and increase productivity. When paired with Sapphire industry leading innovation in hardware, there is little doubt that the Sapphire 2400 PRO will lead the industry in best features and value.
D7867619	Loaded with the features, the ATI Radeon HD 4600 Series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units, support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity or take your experience to another level with multimedia capabilities. Do it all with break-through energy efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D7868583	One of the unique features of the W42 Series is the 'FUN' Key located at the front of the monitor, emblazoned with LG's signature smiling logo. A press of this button launches a special menu with features such as '4:3 in Wide', 'ez Zooming' and 'Photo Effect'. The 4:3 in Wide function is a feature accessible through the FUN Key that converts 4:3 sources to wide screen without distortion; the ez Zooming option allow users to zoom in on texts and images; the Photo Effect converts photos into either ‘Natural’ ‘Gaussian’ ‘Blur’ ‘sepia’ or ‘Monochrome’.Keeping in line with LG's commitment to produce leading edge products with functional design, the W42 Series widescreen monitors has an enviable physique boasting of classy black framework and a slim sleek design ideal to accentuate any home or work PC. Featuring Digital Fine Contrast technology to boost contrast ratios to 8000:1, and a quick response time, the W42 Series delivers sharp, crisp images with reduced motion artifacts.
D7868663	GA-P31-ES3G supports Intel latest high performance CPU delivers the most energy-efficient performance available today. Based on Intel's micro architecture, the Intel multi-core processors with 4 cores and two shared L2 caches provide the best capability-per-watt solutions and are an ideal choice for multi-media enthusiasts and intensive multi-tasking environments. This cutting-edge processor offers significant performance boosts and provides an overall more energy efficient platform.Featuring an advanced proprietary software design, Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver is able to dynamically adjust CPU power depending on workload, delivering just the right amount of power needed for the task. Coupled with Intel's highly efficient 45nm CPU's, Easy Energy Saver is able to provide exceptional levels of power savings and enhanced power efficiency without sacrificing computing performance.Stable system operation depends upon the quality of CPU VRM (voltage regulator module). Gigabyte adopts conductive polymer aluminum solid capacitors and ferrite core choke for CPU VRM featuring better electronic conductivity, excellent heat resistance, and ensures a longer lifespan for systems in daily operation and boost system stability under extreme conditions.
D7868774	The Club 3D HD4850 offers rock solid performance and ultra realistic effects for today's hottest PC games. It is designed for the ultimate balance between high-definition video playback and PC gaming entertainment. The Club 3D HD4850 is the ultimate upgrade for an extreme powerful multimedia PC.
D7869134	The OmniView CAT5 216 KVM Switch enables two IT administrators to monitor and control their servers simultaneously. The KVM switch provides reduced cable clutter and extended reach for up to 16 servers. The CAT5 KVM switch extends the distance between the server and switch to up to 100 feet. Server Interface Modules (SIMs) are available for PS/2, USB, and Legacy Sun servers. One SIM is required per server connected to the SMB CAT5 KVM switch.
D7869135	The OmniView Cat 5 232 KVM Switch enables two IT administrators to monitor and control their servers simultaneously. The KVM Switch provides reduced cable clutter and extended reach for up to 32 servers. The Cat 5 KVM Switch extends the distance between the server and Switch to up to 100 feet. Server Interface Modules (SIMs) are available for PS/2, USB, and Legacy Sun servers. One SIM is required per server connected to the SMB Cat 5 KVM Switch.
D7869137	The OmniView IP 5232K KVM switch enables two remote network administrators to monitor and control their servers simultaneously from anywhere, at anytime. This round-the-clock access lets you troubleshoot servers faster and more efficiently, dramatically reducing server downtime and service costs. The switch also includes an analog console port for local access. The switch features built-in CAT5 technology to provide simplified deployment and reduced cable clutter. One Server Interface Module is required per server connected to the SMB KVM-over-IP switch. Server Interface Modules are available for PS/2, USB, and Legacy Sun servers.
D7870103	PRODUCT FEATURES:Top 23cm silent fan built-inMetal grilled front panelBottom-placed PSU design for better and easier installationMB tray fan hole pre-drilled for better MB ventilationTool-free installation for 5.25", 3.5" and PCI devices
D7870104	PRODUCT FEATURES:Tool-free installation for 5.25", 3.5" and PCI devicesBottom-placed PSU design for better and easier installationDetachable front dust filter and 12cm fan for easy cleaningPre-drilled MB tray fan hole for better MB ventilationSupporting up to 6 fans for greater thermal performance
D7870105	PRODUCT FEATURES:Top 23cm silent fan built-inMetal grilled front panelBottom-placed PSU design for better and easier installationMB tray fan hole pre-drilled for better MB ventilationTool-free installation for 5.25", 3.5" and PCI devices
D7871089	The bold and powerful BlueStar 1000 Intel micro-processor cooler is designed and engineered for performance excellence whilst maintaining the legendary Spire reliability. It transfers up to 135 watts of heat safely away from your computers critical, heat-sensitive components enabled by 4 direct touch heat-pipes.Compatible with Socket 775 platforms, the BlueStar 1000 will work flawlessly with various Intel systems. The powerful BlueStar 1000 is built to last and will be a welcome addition to everybody's PC station!
D7871533	Advanced amateur photographers are a discerning group, and they've flocked to Canon's G-series for its ability to meet and exceed their demands. The third-generation PowerShot G10 is a stunning successor, loaded with uncompromising specs like 14.7 megapixels, a 28mm wide-angle lens, and Canon's DIGIC 4 image processor for notably improved face and motion detection. This is a camera that supports and nurtures creativity, with a full range of shooting and recording modes.
D7871536	With a 10 megapixels Canon CMOS sensor and 20x wide-angle zoom for incredible reach, the PowerShot SX1 IS offers continuous shooting up to 4fps and can supplement photos with Full HD videos.The PowerShot SX1 IS is the first Canon compact camera to incorporate a Canon CMOS sensor, which allows high resolution shooting in exceptionally rapid bursts. The sensor boasts 10 megapixels for capturing the finest detail, allowing creative cropping and superb large-scale prints.The PowerShot SX1 IS combats potential blur with High ISO Auto and Motion Detection technology, which ascertains movement of both camera and subject to set the optimum ISO, whatever the shooting situation. Servo AF tracks moving subjects to ensure they remain in focus.
D7871541	The 14.7 MP Digital IXUS 980 IS blends technical excellence with a unique, stylish black or silver design. Powered by Canon's DIGIC 4 processor, it combines advanced auto features with manual control.The first Digital IXUS with manual control, the Digital IXUS 980 IS allows shooting in more demanding conditions, or creative experimentation. A further 20 automatic modes include QuickShot, for extra-responsive shooting of fast moving objects or fleeting events.The Digital IXUS 980 IS combats blur with High ISO Auto and Motion Detection technology, which ascertains movement of both camera and subject to set the optimum ISO. Servo AF tracks moving subjects to ensure they remain in focus.
D7871775	PRODUCT FEATURES:World's fastest 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interface
D7874486	Plain and simple portable drives that are easy to use, light and easy to carry, and require no power adapter - they are powered directly through the USB cable.
D7874488	WD Elements USB 2.0 external hard drive is an easy-to-use, reliable way to add more storage to your PC or Macintosh. Simply plug it in to a USB port and start saving or backing up your photos, music, video, and files. It's preformatted for immediate use so there's no software or CD to load. The compact, durable metal case provides extra data protection helping keep data safe from loss.
D7874490	WD Elements USB 2.0 external hard drive is an easy-to-use, reliable way to add more storage to your PC or Macintosh. Simply plug it in to a USB port and start saving or backing up your photos, music, video, and files. It's preformatted for immediate use so there's no software or CD to load. The compact, durable metal case provides extra data protection helping keep data safe from loss.
D7874492	Plain, simple, reliable add-on storage - this external USB 2.0 drive is preformatted for immediate use. Simply plug it in to a USB port and you've got instant storage your PC or Macintosh.
D7874531	Conquer the world of extreme gaming with the fastest performing processor on the planet: the Intel Core i7 processor Extreme Edition. With faster, intelligent multi-core technology that accelerates performance to match your workload, it delivers an incredible breakthrough in gaming performance.But performance doesn't stop at gaming. You'll multitask 25 percent faster and unleash incredible digital media creation with up to 79 percent faster video encoding and up to 46 percent faster image rendering, plus incredible performance for photo retouching and editing.In fact, you'll experience maximum performance for whatever you do, thanks to the combination of Intel Turbo Boost technology and Intel Hyper-Threading technology (Intel HT technology), which activates full processing power exactly where and when you need it most.
D7874532	With faster, intelligent, multi-core technology that applies processing power where it's needed most, Intel Core i7 processors deliver an incredible breakthrough in PC performance. They are the best desktop processors on the planet.You'll multitask applications faster and unleash incredible digital media creation. And you'll experience maximum performance for everything you do.
D7874533	With faster, intelligent, multi-core technology that applies processing power where it's needed most, Intel Core i7 processors deliver an incredible breakthrough in PC performance. They are the best desktop processors on the planet.You'll multitask applications faster and unleash incredible digital media creation. And you'll experience maximum performance for everything you do.
D7874534	Leaders of the pack seeking monster performance, look no further. With four execution cores, the Intel Core 2 Quad processor blows through processor-intensive tasks in demanding multitasking environments and makes the most of highly threaded applications. Whether you're creating multimedia, annihilating your gaming enemies, or running compute-intensive applications at one time, new quad-core processing will change the way you do everything. Pioneer the new world of quad-core and unleash the power of multithreading.
D7874535	The Intel Pentium processor with Intel dual-core technology delivers great desktop and mobile performance, low power enhancements, and multitasking for everyday computing.
D7874536	Many software applications for everyday tasks are now designed for dual-core processors. With the Intel Celeron dual-core processor, you can now take basic computing to new levels; become more creative and productive in the home, office, or classroom.In addition, security and virus protection often means running more than one application at a time, and the Celeron dual-core processor has the power to run them simultaneously. Based on energy-efficient microarchitecture, the Celeron dual-core processor delivers superior energy-efficient dual-core performance.
D7875379	The Store 'n' Go Business Secure USB drive is designed for information security and to meet the needs of the corporate, enterprise and government markets. The Store 'n' Go Business Secure USB drive provides a secure means to transport sensitive company information, eliminating the risk of data being lost or stolen.Store 'n' Go Business Secure USB drive's active security features safeguard all device contents, removing the risk of dependence on users to take precautions to protect company information. The 256 bit AES hardware encryption secures confidential data and with the mandatory protection of a strong password, all data is secured from unauthorized access. The drive has many security features, including mandatory password entry, password hashing algorithm and a hack-resistant password entry that erases the data from the device after 10 failed access attempts.The retractable design of the Store 'n Go family protects the USB connectors without the need for a cap. This means no more searching for lost caps in laptop bags and pockets!
D7875380	The Verbatim's palm sized USB 2.0 portable hard drive is light weight making it easy to carry with you. With light weighing, it packs portability and capacity in one!Store and carry your digital and day to day working files on this truly mobile drive. Its stylish smooth design sits neatly on the modern desk top as the perfect accompaniment to your laptop.The Verbatim portable hard drive is USB 2.0 bus powered and requires no external power for operation, simply plug'n'play.
D7875381	The Verbatim's palm sized USB 2.0 portable hard drive is light weight making it easy to carry with you. With light weighing, it packs portability and capacity in one!Store and carry your digital and day to day working files on this truly mobile drive. Its stylish smooth design sits neatly on the modern desk top as the perfect accompaniment to your laptop.The Verbatim portable hard drive is USB 2.0 bus powered and requires no external power for operation, simply plug'n'play.
D7875382	The Verbatim's palm sized USB 2.0 portable hard drive is light weight making it easy to carry with you. With light weighing, it packs portability and capacity in one!Store and carry your digital and day to day working files on this truly mobile drive. Its stylish smooth design sits neatly on the modern desk top as the perfect accompaniment to your laptop.The Verbatim portable hard drive is USB 2.0 bus powered and requires no external power for operation, simply plug'n'play.
D7875383	The Verbatim's palm sized USB 2.0 portable hard drive is light weight making it easy to carry with you. With light weighing, it packs portability and capacity in one!Store and carry your digital and day to day working files on this truly mobile drive. Its stylish smooth design sits neatly on the modern desk top as the perfect accompaniment to your laptop.The Verbatim portable hard drive is USB 2.0 bus powered and requires no external power for operation, simply plug'n'play.
D7875384	The Verbatim's palm sized USB 2.0 portable hard drive is light weight making it easy to carry with you. With light weighing, it packs portability and capacity in one!Store and carry your digital and day to day working files on this truly mobile drive. Its stylish smooth design sits neatly on the modern desk top as the perfect accompaniment to your laptop.The Verbatim portable hard drive is USB 2.0 bus powered and requires no external power for operation, simply plug'n'play.
D7876046	Marketing description is not available.
D7876053	Marketing description is not available.
D7876178	During overclocking, FSB enjoys better margin due to fixed PCIE/ PCI busesDual channel DDR2 800/667 (4 x DIMM slots) with max capacity up to 4GB1 x PCI Express x16 slotSupports PCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/s4 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectorsHDMI_SPDIF header, providing SPDIF audio output to HDMI VGA card, allows the system to connect HDMI Digital TV/projector/LCD devices1 x WiFi/E headerSupports ASRock instant boot
D7876754	Belkin's N+ Wireless Router features a USB storage port on the back of the router for connecting USB storage devices such as an external hard drive or thumb drive to the network. Now you can centrally store and share media content and files from the USB hard drive to every computer on the network. This router also features Gigabit Ethernet ports for a wired connection that can handle applications that take up a large amount of bandwidth. The N+ Router is based on the draft 802.11n 2.0 technology which provides the wireless range to easily cover any size home or office. The N+ Router has the bandwidth and speed for handling media intensive applications that take up large amounts of your bandwidth.
D7878770	Marketing description is not available.
D7878771	Marketing description is not available.
D7878772	Marketing description is not available.
D7878773	Marketing description is not available.
D7878777	Marketing description is not available.
D7879015	Belkin's 17-Inch LCD Rack Console gives system administrators a convenient and flexible way to control servers, while using only 1U of rack space. Its unique dual-glide rail system allows the LCD panel to remain displayed even with the server-rack door closed.The slim design of the Console fits a standard 19-inch rack, ensuring clearance for the full extension of the LCD and keyboard. The console offers a key-locking mechanism to prevent unauthorized access, and dual cable-management arms that organize console cables as the drawer extends and retracts.A descendent of Belkin's popular 15-inch LCD Rack Console, this Console features a premium-grade LCD panel with increased rotation for better viewing flexibility, heavy-duty steel rails for smoother drawer movement and extended operating life, and built-in, adjustable mounting brackets for easier installation.
D7879088	The be quiet! Straight Power series stands out for its outstanding quality, fine-tuned engineering and energy-saving concept. The Straight Power 350W is a quiet and reliable high-quality power supply for PC systems with high powered graphics cards requiring a high level of power supply stability.
D7879089	The be quiet! Straight Power series stands out for its outstanding quality, fine-tuned engineering and energy-saving concept. The Straight Power 400W is a quiet and reliable high-quality power supply for PC systems with high powered graphics cards requiring a high level of power supply stability.
D7879090	The be quiet! Straight Power series stands out for its outstanding quality, fine-tuned engineering and energy-saving concept. The Straight Power 450W is a quiet and reliable high-quality power supply for PC systems with high powered graphics cards requiring a high level of power supply stability.
D7879091	The be quiet! Straight Power series stands out for its outstanding quality, fine-tuned engineering and energy-saving concept.The Straight Power 500W is a quiet and reliable high-quality power supply for PC systems with high powered graphics cards requiring a high level of power supply stability.
D7879100	The be quiet! Straight Power series stands out for its outstanding quality, fine-tuned engineering and energy-saving concept.The Straight Power 600W is a quiet and reliable high-quality power supply for PC systems with high powered graphics cards requiring a high level of power supply stability.
D7880803	The PoE Splitter TL-POE10R fully complies with IEEE 802.3af standard, and can work with all IEEE 802.3af PoE compliant PSE (Power Source Equipment) or PoE supplier adapter or other equivalent product, to deliver 12V or 5V direct current to where there are no power line or outlet, where you wish to fix device such as AP, IP camera or IP phone, and so on.
D7880804	The TP-LINK TL-PS110U print server allows you to take the computer out of the loop while setting up a printing network. All that is needed is to connect the TL-PS110U to a printer via the USB port, connect the print server to your LAN, and you will be able to access your printer from any computer on the LAN.
D7880805	Print servers give businesses the ability to streamline their printing requirements by taking commonly used printers, multifunction products, and all-in-ones, and connecting them to a network. This allows for more efficient printer management and more reliable performance of connected devices that require less maintenance thereby making printing problems, a less common occurrence.TL-WPS510U is featuring functions that make users lives easier. The TL-WPS510U has come to a new level in technological excellence. With these functions and the addition of wireless capabilities, the TL-WPS510U gives your printers the power of flight!
D7885790	GA-EP43C-DS3 motherboards paired with Intel 45nm CPUs deliver the very best platform for multitasking, multimedia and high performance gaming.Experience the advanced memory combination technology, featuring ultimate scalability with both DDR2 and DDR3 memory support for running next generation applications with lower power consumption, which delivers superior performance for the most demanding applications.Gigabyte dynamic energy saver advanced provides better energy saving capabilities and enhanced system performance. With support for VRD 11.1, Gigabyte's DES advanced allows the motherboard to switch to 1 Gear phase switching during idle, allowing for a dramatic increase in power savings. Gigabyte has also retooled dynamic energy saver to allow over lockers to experience the benefits of multi-gear power phase switching while overclocking, providing ultra stable, ultra smooth overclocking performance.Hardware overvoltage control ICs which provide more voltage control options than before for the CPU north bridge and memory. The overvoltage controllers also provide hardware linear real-time voltage control. In addition, Hardware Overvoltage Controller ICs also allow for much finer voltage control, allowing power users to adjust voltage in as little increments as 20mV for better overclocking performance.Gigabyte has completely redesigned EasyTune6 from the ground up to make it easier than ever to manage and monitor your hardware resources as well as tweak your system settings in order to achieve maximum system performance. Whether you are an overclocking enthusiast, or a computer novice, EasyTune6 provides the tools you need to quickly and effortlessly fine tune your system.
D7888075	The H5350 projector transforms the living room into a state-of-the-art home theater. With 720p native resolution, 2000 ANSI Lumens brightness, 2000:1 contrast ratio and Acer ColorBoost technology, the H5350 projects hi-def content and lifelike images with precision for a true big-screen cinema experience. An HDMI port allows connectivity to the newest digital devices with HD signal support, and the chic white color adds elegance to any viewing environment.
D7892817	If you're a serious gamer looking for the ultimate console, the search ends here. Fully loaded, it's the unsurpassed gaming and entertainment experience right out of the box. Plug in the console and connect the wireless controller and you're playing.High-performance wireless gaming is here! Plug the Xbox 360 Headset into the Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for full duplex (both directions at once) voice communication - a wireless first. With quick access to Xbox 360 features including DVDs, music, pictures, and more, along with the ability to support four wireless controllers simultaneously, gamers can experience wireless freedom, precision, high quality, and performance for endless gameplay.Enhance your Xbox 360 experience by storing multiple game saves and play top-selling original Xbox products, saving music and create custom playlists, pre-loaded high-definition bonus content including Hexic HD, a popular puzzle game.The ultimate in high-definition gaming - high-definition gaming output of 720p or 1080i - progressive-scan DVD playback in 480p - Dolby digital 5.1 surround sound output - component (Y, Pr, Pb) high-definition video output - 8-foot-long shielded cable. Xbox 360 Component HD AV Cable is the all-in-one solution for high-definition and standard TVs.Communicate, collaborate, and command through noise-canceling microphone with adjustable boom, volume control and mute switch, and lightweight, comfortable over-the-head design. Use the same Xbox 360 headset to chat with friends and strategize with teammates over Xbox Live, or in games with voice-command features.
D7893814	Marketing description is not available.
D7893816	Marketing description is not available.
D7893818	Marketing description is not available.
D7895455	Marketing description is not available.
D7896220	The TW3X4G1333C9 is a 4096 MByte matched pair of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR3-based motherboards. This memory has been verified to operate at 1333MHz at low latencies of 9-9-9-24.
D7896271	The ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPU brings the power of graphics supercomputing to gamers, setting an advanced standard for visual computing. Redefine the way you play and take HD gaming to the extreme with best-in-class performance. The TeraScale graphics engine delivers an immersive, cinematic gaming experience. Add this GPU to your PC and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.The ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPU delivers a cinematic gaming experience with unprecedented performance. The powerful TeraScale graphics will propel you deep into your game play with seamless frame rates and high resolutions. Enhanced Anti-Aliasing (AA) and anisotropic filtering create striking graphics with unparalleled realism so you can max out the settings of the most demanding next-generation games or revitalize your favorite titles. Play today while preparing for tomorrow with tessellation, support for DirectX 10.1 and scalable ATI CrossFireX technology.Like its predecessors, the ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPUs offer optimal performance and break-through efficiency with platform-independent intelligent power management. ATI PowerPlay delivers the power needed to blaze through even the most intense games while intuitively conserving energy at idle or when demand is low.
D7898310	As gaming and computer productivities become more refined, having the ability to fine-tune and customize the mouse movements becomes more crucial than ever. To help meet this challenge, SilverStone created the RAVEN gaming mouse. This brilliantly designed input device gives gamer and users unprecedented control over the mouse movement by not only utilizing a blistering fast laser sensor capable of 3200dpi and 50G of acceleration but also adds independent x and y axis adjustments. The result of these combined features ensures that the RAVEN mouse can respond to every movement from the user with pinpoint accuracy and tailor made feel no possible before with ordinary gaming mice. With perfectly centered laser, 50 - 50 weight balance, carbon fiber surfacing, and a convenient thumb wheel that can perform quick task switching and flip 3D, the RAVEN is ready to play and work for the most demanding gamers and power users.
D7899202	Marketing description is not available.
D7901616	Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 is a totally new approach to data security. The main feature of the application is restricting the programs' rights to access the system resources. It helps prevent unwanted actions by suspicious and hazardous programs. The application's capabilities in the protection of user's confidential data have been considerably enhanced. The application includes wizards and tools which substantially facilitate execution of specific computer protection tasks.
D7908646	Get extreme audio performance from your PC with the PCI Express Sound Blaster X-Fi Titanium sound card. You'll hear realistic EAX 5.0 sound effects and 3D positional audio in your games that's so accurate you can locate opponents by sound - even over normal stereo headphones. Plus, get unbeatable performance with hardware accelerated audio. All your music and movies will sound better too with Xtreme Fidelity audio technology that restores the detail and clarity to compressed music files like MP3s.
D7908773	Grabster AV 350 MX and MAGIX Movies on DVD TerraTec Edition are the perfect team to make great VCDs, SVCDs and DVDs with just a few clicks. For optimum transmission the recent hardware is equipped with a scart connector. Use the video and slideshow editing features and fully customizable motion menus to save your precious memories in premium quality on CD and DVD.
D7908813	Clear acrylic bezelSide vents built-in with air duct for CPU coolingSupports 12cm rear and front fansUnique add-on card ventsBottom vents for HDD and VGA coolingScrew-less lock devices for hard drive baysThumb screws for quick installationDoor-covered front I/O port
D7908815	The TA-89 is equipped with CPU air duct and unique venting holes for efficient system cooling that supports up to ten hard drive devices.
D7910092	Marketing description is not available.
D7910107	Over 10 million people have chosen Canon's personal copiers for ease of use and high quality output - a world record that's way ahead of the competition. The PC-D340 adds digital efficiency to ease and excellent quality, plus a 50-sheet Automatic Document Feeder to enhance productivity.The clear and intuitive control panel enables extra easy operation. Canon's All-In-One cartridge can be simply changed in seconds - which means there's no mess, just clean hands. A 250-sheet paper capacity meets all your copying needs. While the flatbed design makes copying books or magazines simple. Plus the Automatic Document Feeder adds to overall ease.Benefit from excellent image quality for all your work - whether fine text, detailed diagrams or even photos. 256-grayscale reproduction provides perfect halftones, and auto exposure ensures you always get the best results. Apart from consistently high copy quality, there's an economical toner-saving mode to cut costs.Speed is a constant 14 copies per minute - even when you are using the 50-sheet Automatic Document Feeder. There is no slowdown in speed as documents are fed to match the printing speed. There's virtually no warm-up time and also a fast first copy out time - in only 11.2 seconds. So you get through all your work faster.Transform your unit into a productive 14 pages per minute laser printer. With a 1200 dpi (enhanced) print resolution you can take advantage of both high quality and high-speed printing. Thus giving you both superior printing and copying, all in one cost-efficient machine.Thanks to flexible digital functions you can easily increase efficiency. Use the convenient 2-on-1 copying function to copy two originals on a single sheet of paper, thus saving on paper and filing space. A 'scan once print many' feature prints multiple copies from memory. And save time with electronic sorting, as multiple sets are printed out with pages collated. No mechanical sorter is needed.
D7912413	XFX offers up something new and exciting - the XFX GeForce 9500 GT, the ultimate multi-media multi-tasker that's known for all it can take. The 9500 GT delivers an improved 3D experience with Microsoft Windows media center that allows users to offload tasks from the CPU, which increases productivity and enables users to share, edit and manage photos and videos better than ever before. It takes video playback to a new level, with advanced PureVideo HD technology that delivers jaw-dropping Blu-ray movie picture quality with reduced CPU utilization and low power consumption.Offering a 3X performance increase over compatible cards, the 9500 GT delivers the most gaming horsepower available. The 9500 GT ensures that users will be able to play all of today's - and tomorrow's -games the way they were meant to be played.
D7912499	Marketing description is not available.
D7913910	PRODUCT FEATURES:Exclusive Glaciator FansinkDual dual-link DVISolid Polymer Aluminum (SPA) Capacitors greatly extends lifespanEMI shield which reduces 66% EMI interferenceASUS splendid - watching movies on PC is as good as on top-of-the-line consumer televisionASUS gamer OSD - real-time overclocking, benchmarking and video capturing in any PC gameASUS smart doctor - your intelligent hardware protection and overclocking toolASUS video security online - keep an eye on your home at all times no matter where you areNVIDIA GeForce 9600GTFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportHDCP compliantNVIDIA SLI technologyNVIDIA PureVideo HD technology - essential for the ultimate HD movie experience on a PCPCI-Express 2.0D-subHDCP compliantHDTV-out
D7914053	ASUS is proud to announce an exclusive partnership with NVIDIA in the creation of the most powerful DirectX (DX) 10 motherboard - the ASUS P5N7A-VM motherboard. A showcase of intelligent and innovative motherboard design, the P5N7A-VM features an LGA775 socket for Intel Core 2 Extreme / Core 2 Quad / Core 2 Duo processors and supports the GeForce 9300 / nForce 730i chipset and memory expansion of up to a maximum of 16 GB with four DDR2 800/667 dual channel memory slots. With support for Hybrid SLI, CUDA and PhysX graphics acceleration, the P5N7A-VM promises to be the most powerful DX10 motherboard in the consumer market today.
D7914056	The P5KPL-SE with Intel G31/ICH7 chipset inside supports Intel Quad-core CPU and features 1600(O.C.)/1333/1066/800 MHz FSB, PCI Express x 16, Serial ATA interface, high performance integrated graphics engine, dual-channel DDR2 1066(O.C.)/800/667 memory, and 6 channel HD audio CODEC. Users can experience faster graphics performance and higher video quality today. P5KPL-SE is the most affordable all-in-one solution platform for Intel Core 2 processor with Intel G31/ICH7 chipset inside.
D7914058	To cater to users who require a high performance motherboard solution that also encompasses effective power savings and a friendly operating environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5Q series. This energy-conserving series of motherboards provide great performance; and is based on the Intel P45 chipset - which supports the latest Intel CPU and memory technology. The P5Q Series also furthers the eco-friendly cause with the exclusive ASUS EPU, which provides 80.23% CPU power savings and 96% enhanced power efficiency - allowing users to help save the Earth every time they switch on their PCs!
D7914060	Utilizing the P43 chipset from Intel, the P5QL series of motherboard offers effective power savings with the ASUS EPU 4-Engine as well as a super fast boot up with ASUS Express gate. Offering multiple specification levels, the P5QL series of ASUS motherboards is perfect for a home user.
D7914062	To cater to users who require a high performance motherboard solution that also encompasses effective power savings and a friendly operating environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5Q series. This energy-conserving series of motherboards provide great performance; and is based on the Intel P45 chipset - which supports the latest Intel CPU and memory technology. The P5Q Series also furthers the eco-friendly cause with the exclusive ASUS EPU, which provides 80.23% CPU power savings and 96% enhanced power efficiency - allowing users to help save the Earth every time they switch on their PCs!
D7914064	To cater to users who require a high performance motherboard solution that also encompasses effective power savings and a friendly operating environment, ASUS, worldwide leader in the motherboard industry, has released the ASUS P5Q series. This energy-conserving series of motherboards provide great performance; and is based on the Intel P45 chipset - which supports the latest Intel CPU and memory technology. The P5Q Series also furthers the eco-friendly cause with the exclusive ASUS EPU, which provides 80.23% CPU power savings and 96% enhanced power efficiency - allowing users to help save the Earth every time they switch on their PCs!
D7914580	Designed for small businesses, Windows Small Business Server 2008 is an affordable, integrated server solution that helps you protect your business data, increase productivity and present a more professional image to customers - giving you the tools you need to help grow your business capacity. And when you download the latest public preview software, you're automatically registered to access valuable public preview resources assembled in one convenient location.
D7914581	Windows Small Business Server 2008 is designed for small businesses. It is designed to work with existing technology, build on Microsoft best practices, and delivers a comprehensive network at an affordable price.Windows Small Business Server 2008 helps protect your vital business information from loss, by automatically backing up the computers and servers in your network and helping enable you to recover accidentally deleted files.Windows Small Business Server 2008 gives you highly secure access to business contacts, calendars, e-mail, files, and other important desktop resources from any Internet-connected computer, virtually anywhere at any time, so you can be productive while you’re away from the office or on the road.Windows Small Business Server 2008 Premium Edition becomes a second server solution, will run on two hardware servers, with the second server running Windows Server and SQL Server for Line of Business applications.
D7914686	The GA-EP45-UD3R introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology featuring a 2 oz copper PCB to help reduce system temperature and dramatically enhance performance. Based on the Intel P45 chipset the GA-EP45-UD3R delivers a record-setting 1600MHz FSB for the Intel Core 2 multi-core processors, and supports dual channel DDR2 memory at speeds of up to 1366MHz and even higher. Additionally, the GA-EP45-UD3R incorporates Gigabyte DES Advanced technology for industry leading energy saving and enhanced system efficiency.
D7914687	The GA-EP45-UD3 introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology featuring a 2 oz copper PCB to help reduce system temperature and dramatically enhance performance. Based on the Intel P45 chipset the GA-EP45-UD3 delivers a record-setting 1600MHz FSB for the Intel Core 2 multi-core processors, and supports dual channel DDR2 memory at speeds of up to 1366MHz and even higher. Additionally, the GA-EP45-UD3 incorporates Gigabyte DES Advanced technology for industry leading energy saving and enhanced system efficiency.
D7915131	Enjoy cordless freedom with virtually no interference or dropouts - without breaking the bank. High-performance functions, like zoom and side-to-side scrolling, make working with spreadsheets and presentations much easier.
D7915132	Find comfort anywhere you go with a cordless notebook mouse and storable micro-receiver.
D7915133	PRODUCT FEATURES:Advanced 2.4 GHz wirelessHyper-fast scrollingExtreme-precision laser engineTilt Wheel Plus ZoomStealth thumb button plus programmable buttonsForward/backward buttonsElegantly contoured shapeFull-size designRechargeable powerBattery indicator light
D7915134	Simplify life on the road with the ultra-portable Logitech VX Nano Cordless Laser Mouse for Notebooks. It's always ready for use. Plug it into your notebook's USB port just once, and then forget about it. No more broken or lost receivers. No more hassles.
D7915670	PRODUCT FEATURES:Transparent acrylic window for best inside view120mm side fan can be installed on the side panel for cooling CPU area
D7915671	Sileo 500 - the Cooler master's soundproof definition to chassis. The Sileo 500 has installed sound proofing sound reduction material in 4 direction top, bottom, two sides of the chassis, anti-vibration pads in detachable HDD trays to absorb vibration and reduce noise, plus a comfort rare noise reduction pads for power supply. Besides Sileo 500 also has the tool-free technology for quick maintenance and upgrade. Sileo 500 creates an absolute quiet environment, suitable for working office and study room.
D7916056	ASUS My Cinema-PE6300Hybrid supports both digital (DVBT) and analog (PAL/NTSC) TV programs. Furthermore, it is embedded with a hardware MPEG2 encoder that dramatically reduces CPU loading - helping guarantee high-quality video outputs. The ASUS My Cinema-PE6300Hybrid is also equipped with an array of versatile utilities that lets users enjoy all-in-one multimedia entertainment on the PC.The ASUS My Cinema-PE6300Hybrid is a combination of an analog and digital TV receiver. With this nifty piece of hardware, users will be able to watch and record high-quality digital (DVBT) or analog (PAL/NTSC) TV programs on their PCs. Adopting the brand-new PCI Express x1 interface, transmission speeds of up to 500 MB/s can be achieved - an improvement of almost 3 times over conventional technology. Additionally, the My Cinema-PE6300Hybrid comes embedded with a built-in advanced hardware noise reduction technology and a hardware MPEG2 encoder, which remarkably reduces the CPU loading and guarantees high-quality video output. Therefore, users can even surf the Internet and watch TV programs at the same time - without any lagging, for the best video quality.
D7920421	Marketing description is not available.
D7920928	Marketing description is not available.
D7921267	For many customers the ICY BOX IB-MP3010HW is finally the appropriate network media-player. For a price typical for ICY BOX they get what's good and useful.You can record, playback or stream from the inputs of terrestrial antenna, cable, set-top box, DVD-player and the good old VCR. With the IB-MP3010HW you will enjoy videos, music and photos on the main stage. This might be the home entertainment center, the TV-set or the stereo.The ICY BOX IB-MP3010HW works in a network environment, with a 3.5" SATA HDD as the sole source of good entertainment, or you combine the two - HDD and LAN.In a network you access the shared multimedia files and drives via Samba. With a disk drive the IB-MP3010HW becomes a digital video recorder with time-shift function.The ICY BOX IB-MP3010HW offers a reasonably composed bundle of features. You won't miss anything that's indispensable in it class. And you don't have to pay for features, you don't need.
D7921272	PRODUCT FEATURES:Integrated NVIDIA GeForce 7 series (NV44) graphics DX9.0 VGA, pixel shader 3.0Support RAID, NCQ, AHCI and "Hot Plug" functionsGigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports dual VGA output: DVI-D and D-sub ports by independent display controllersSupports HDCP function with DVI-D port, to enjoy better quality with high definition HDCP Encryption contentsNVIDIA PureVideo readyChipset embedded HDMI audio which supports HDMI signal through DVI-D port by using DVI to HDMI adapter (not bundled)
D7921619	Marketing description is not available.
D7922749	P5KPL-AM/PS with Intel G31 chipset inside supports Intel Quad-Core CPU and features 1600(OC)/1333/1066/800MHz FSB, PCI Express x16, Serial ATA interface, high performance integrated graphics engine, dual-channel DDR2 1066 (O.C.)/800/667 memory, and 6-channel HD audio CODEC. Users can experience faster graphics performance. P5KPL-AM/PS is the most affordable all-in-one solution platform for Intel Core 2 processor with Intel G31 chipset inside.
D7924617	A small companion with beauty and power which adopts the technology of DX10 and HW decode of HD content. Experience the visual era easily. P2-M3A3200 also supports the Hybrid CorssFire technology to maximize the graphics performance.
D7924618	A small companion with beauty and power which adopts the technology of DX10 and HW decode of HD content. Experience the visual era easily. P2-M3A3200 also supports the Hybrid CorssFire technology to maximize the graphics performance.
D7924619	V2-M3N8200 provides the experience of high definition multimedia entertainment. It also supports the Hybrid SLI technology which maximizes the graphic performance.V2-M3N8200 supports AMD Socket AM2+/AM2 multi-core processors up to the 140W CPU. It features dual-channel DDR2 1066 memory support and accelerates data transfer rate up to 5200MT/s via HyperTransport 3.0 based system bus.V2-M3N8200 supports the high definition content Blu-ray disks. The support of DirectX10 which equips 3-D graphics-rendering capabilities in games and high-end 3-D applications. Plus the theater-like HD 8 channel audio, the visual/audio experience is evolved.
D7924620	V3-M3N8200 provides the new experience of high definition multimedia entertainment. It also supports the Hybrid SLI technology which maximizes the graphic performance.The support of DirectX 10 equips 3-D graphics-rendering capabilities in games and high-end 3-D applications. Plus the theater-like HD 8-channel audio, the new visual/audio experience is evolved.
D7925159	The U100 series has selected a 10" wide LCD display as oppose to the typical smaller sizes to provide better comfort while viewing or reading. In addition, the 1024 x 600 resolution can relief concerns of the full display of webpages while browsing, giving you the freedom when exploring the Internet.The U100 series is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.The U100 series is equipped with the capability of magnifying text within software, so you may magnify any of the words displayed on the monitor freely, making it easier when you are viewing photos, editing or reading documents.MSI has the same persistence for proper ergonomically design even on the keyboards of the smaller notebook computers. The keyboard of the U100 series not only has great texture, it also increased the space between the keys to 17.5mm, allowing you to be as comfortable as you can. Plus, ingeniously designed spacebar and touchpad, your fingers can move smoothly while avoiding strain.
D7925160	The U100 series has selected a 10" wide LCD display as oppose to the typical smaller sizes to provide better comfort while viewing or reading. In addition, the 1024 x 600 resolution can relief concerns of the full display of webpages while browsing, giving you the freedom when exploring the Internet.The U100 series is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.The U100 series is equipped with the capability of magnifying text within software, so you may magnify any of the words displayed on the monitor freely, making it easier when you are viewing photos, editing or reading documents.MSI has the same persistence for proper ergonomically design even on the keyboards of the smaller notebook computers. The keyboard of the U100 series not only has great texture, it also increased the space between the keys to 17.5mm, allowing you to be as comfortable as you can. Plus, ingeniously designed spacebar and touchpad, your fingers can move smoothly while avoiding strain.
D7925169	MSI Wind PC is based on new generation platform which is designed for a mix of performance, low power usage, size and affordability which is suitable for mobile applications or for users who leave their computers on 24-hours per day. This highly-functional system is very space-saving; you can practically put it anywhere, on the table or bookshelf. The attractive design makes the MSI Wind PC sleek and modern which complements any room in your home.
D7925170	The U100 series has selected a 10" wide LCD display as oppose to the typical smaller sizes to provide better comfort while viewing or reading. In addition, the 1024 x 600 resolution can relief concerns of the full display of webpages while browsing, giving you the freedom when exploring the Internet.The U100 series is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.The U100 series is equipped with the capability of magnifying text within software, so you may magnify any of the words displayed on the monitor freely, making it easier when you are viewing photos, editing or reading documents.MSI has the same persistence for proper ergonomically design even on the keyboards of the smaller notebook computers. The keyboard of the U100 series not only has great texture, it also increased the space between the keys to 17.5mm, allowing you to be as comfortable as you can. Plus, ingeniously designed spacebar and touchpad, your fingers can move smoothly while avoiding strain.
D7925171	The U100 series has selected a 10" wide LCD display as oppose to the typical smaller sizes to provide better comfort while viewing or reading. In addition, the 1024 x 600 resolution can relief concerns of the full display of webpages while browsing, giving you the freedom when exploring the Internet.The U100 series is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.The U100 series is equipped with the capability of magnifying text within software, so you may magnify any of the words displayed on the monitor freely, making it easier when you are viewing photos, editing or reading documents.MSI has the same persistence for proper ergonomically design even on the keyboards of the smaller notebook computers. The keyboard of the U100 series not only has great texture, it also increased the space between the keys to 17.5mm, allowing you to be as comfortable as you can. Plus, ingeniously designed spacebar and touchpad, your fingers can move smoothly while avoiding strain.
D7925176	Cinema Pro technology offers consumers the finest movie viewing experience. With a simple touch of the exclusive Cinema Pro button, you may immediately switch to movie mode. The quality on screen will be more detailed, the richness in sound and the bass as well as Dolby sound will be activated, providing the finest sensory of the theaters.Home viewing is never as good as the theater? The EX620 is here to prove that your homes can be as excellent as any elite theaters.The EX620 has selected the ECO engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function by EX620, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks.Press on the ECO touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - Gaming mode, Movie mode, Presentation mode, Office mode, and Turbo Battery mode. This is to minimize the battery power consumption while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, and dealing with documentation.
D7925179	With MSI exclusive Turbo Drive Engine technology, while the GT735 is in AC mode, just by touching on the turbo button above the keyboard, you can simultaneously increase the speed of your CPU, also the computer will run smoother and to the best of its abilities.The GT735 selects the ECO Engine; the outstanding and unique power saving function by MSI notebook, the power management function is aimed to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks. Touch the ECO quick launch touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, dealing with office documentation tasks, or looking forward to minimizing the battery power consumption.The GT735 has applied the aerodynamic touch sensor design, using a simple mirror plate as base and linings to accentuate the slickness of the faceplate. There are no added accessories, and under the icy colors evolve a sense of elegance and professionalism. It creates a sharp contrast to the red outer body, adding even more individualism to the GT735.
D7925249	AMD Sempron processors for desktop and mobile products offer best in class performance, compatibility with all the applications you need, and the reliability of AMD processors.
D7925303	Loaded with the latest features, the ATI Radeon HD 4600 series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units and support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity or take your experience to another level with new multimedia capabilities. Do it all with break-through energy efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D7926258	Belkin's N Wireless Router is perfect for setting up a wireless network that has the range to easily cover any-size home or office. The N Wireless Router has the fastest speeds for handling applications that take up large amounts of your bandwidth.Connecting the N Wireless Router to your cable or ADSL modem lets you share your broadband Internet account with all your networked computers. Now you can quickly and efficiently exchange documents, share resources, and stream digital music throughout your network.
D7926466	PRODUCT FEATURES:Compact USB steering wheel with accelerate and brake pedals and vibration feedback technologyVibration feedback effects offering a realistic race car experience (when connected to PC/PlayStation 2)3-in-1 - compatible with PC, Sony PlayStation 2 and Sony PlayStation 3Rubber coated wheel for improved gripWheel sensitivity adjustable in six levelsTwo wheel mounted gear shift levers and twelve action buttonsWith pressure sensitive buttons for a realistic gaming experience (when connected to PlayStation 2/3)
D7926862	The Hannspree 28" HT09 LCD TV featuring 1080p Full HD resolution is simply breathtaking. Providing superior image detail, picture quality, and video performance, you will never want to miss out on your favorite high-definition TV programming, live sporting events, movies on Blu-ray discs, or enjoy gaming. To meet the demanding challenges of today's users, the HT09 enables connectivity with virtually all of your video sources including over-the-air HD signal, cable/satellite set-top box, Blu-ray disc player, DVD player, VCR, camcorder, or gaming console. You can even connect a PC and double the use as a computer monitor. It also includes a universal remote control so you can minimize having to switch between multiple remotes. In addition to packing a big performance punch, the styling and design of the HT09 is second to none. The combination of glossy-black bezel along with shimmering silver front-mounted speaker grill provides a clean, modern sophisticated styling without compromising performance. This world's first 28" TV is a winner of Good Design Award. The Hannspree HT09 Full HD LCD television enhances one's individuality and lifestyle by providing excellent design, functionality, and quality.
D7927227	Constructed from quality materials, this case features a protective padded laptop section so you can be sure that your laptop is safe carrying is made comfortable with a cushioned shoulder pad. The length of the shoulder strap is adjustable and the strap can be removed completely if desired. Keeping belongings organized is easy with a selection of sized pockets designed for convenience, easily accessible in front zip down section.
D7927327	PRODUCT FEATURES:Universal AC input voltageActive power factor correction (PF) more than 0.95 at full loadMore than 80% efficiency means power supply produces less heat and emits less noiseTwo independent +12V rails provide different devices individual power thus making the system stableUniversal motherboard compatibility due to 20+4-pin main power as well as 4-pin and 8-pin +12V power connectors6-pin and 6+2-pin PCI Express connectors support NVIDIA SLI and ATI Crossfire graphic cardsTotal 10 IDE and SATA hard disk connectors available for top usageThermal fan control automatically adjusts fan speed thus controlling the temperature inside the power supplyInternal OVP (Over Voltage Protection) and OCP (Over Current Protection) functions help to eliminate sudden power surge which cause damages to peripheralsThe demonstrated MTBF shall be 100,000 hours of continuous operation at 25°C, full load and nominal lineHigh durability due to Japanese brand capacitor allowing reliable high temperatures of up to 105°C
D7927332	PRODUCT FEATURES:Universal AC input voltageActive power factor correction (PF) more than 0.95 at full loadMore than 80% efficiency means power supply produces less heat and emits less noiseTwo independent +12V rails provide different devices individual power thus making the system stableUniversal motherboard compatibility due to 20+4-pin main power as well as 4-pin and 8-pin +12V power connectors6-pin and 6+2-pin PCI Express connectors support NVIDIA SLI and ATI Crossfire graphic cardsTotal 10 IDE and SATA hard disk connectors available for top usageThermal fan control automatically adjusts fan speed thus controlling the temperature inside the power supplyInternal OVP (Over Voltage Protection) and OCP (Over Current Protection) functions help to eliminate sudden power surge which cause damages to peripheralsThe demonstrated MTBF shall be 100,000 hours of continuous operation at 25°C, full load and nominal lineHigh durability due to Japanese brand capacitor allowing reliable high temperatures of up to 105°C
D7927333	PRODUCT FEATURES:Universal AC input voltageActive power factor correction (PF) more than 0.95 at full loadMore than 80% efficiency means power supply produces less heat and emits less noiseTwo independent +12V rails provide different devices individual power thus making the system stableUniversal motherboard compatibility due to 20+4-pin main power as well as 4-pin and 8-pin +12V power connectors6-pin and 6+2-pin PCI Express connectors support NVIDIA SLI and ATI Crossfire graphic cardsTotal 10 IDE and SATA hard disk connectors available for top usageThermal fan control automatically adjusts fan speed thus controlling the temperature inside the power supplyInternal OVP (Over Voltage Protection) and OCP (Over Current Protection) functions help to eliminate sudden power surge which cause damages to peripheralsThe demonstrated MTBF shall be 100,000 hours of continuous operation at 25°C, full load and nominal lineHigh durability due to Japanese brand capacitor allowing reliable high temperatures of up to 105°C
D7927388	SAMSUNG CLX-3175N enables you to connect your printer to a network - ideal for small offices. Featuring print, scan and copying capabilities this printer enables you to complete your printing tasks with ease. Its compact design and quiet printing capability make this a great solution for your office.
D7929202	Enjoy home theater in your PC. Deliver quality and quantity. Increase your capacity and hold up to 7 times as much information as a CD.
D7929710	Gainward's award winning High-Performance/Wide-Bandwidth hardware design powered by NVIDIA's GeForce 8400GS GPU which offers enhanced, leading-edge performance for the 3D enthusiasts.
D7929711	Gainward's award winning High-Performance/Wide-Bandwidth hardware design powered by NVIDIA's GeForce 8400GS GPU which offers enhanced, leading-edge performance for the 3D enthusiasts.
D7930175	Innovative X-Zone designCreative S-CodeProvides keypad for inputting passwordInclusive transport box, usable as rackHDD interface SATALED for satus, access and key invalidProprietary 64-bit encryption
D7930176	The 2.5" case is designed for SATA HDD, password protected X-Zone, Keypad and USB interface.
D7930196	Silent CPU cooler built with pure copper for enhanced performance and optimized compatibility design.
D7936179	The ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPU brings the power of graphics supercomputing to gamers, setting an advanced standard for visual computing. Redefine the way you play and take HD gaming to the extreme with best-in-class performance. The TeraScale graphics engine delivers an immersive, cinematic gaming experience. Add this GPU to your PC and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.The ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPU delivers a cinematic gaming experience with unprecedented performance. The powerful TeraScale graphics will propel you deep into your game play with seamless frame rates and high resolutions. Enhanced Anti-Aliasing (AA) and anisotropic filtering create striking graphics with unparalleled realism so you can max out the settings of the most demanding next-generation games or revitalize your favorite titles. Play today while preparing for tomorrow with tessellation, support for DirectX 10.1 and scalable ATI CrossFireX technology.Like its predecessors, the ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPUs offer optimal performance and break-through efficiency with platform-independent intelligent power management. ATI PowerPlay delivers the power needed to blaze through even the most intense games while intuitively conserving energy at idle or when demand is low.
D7936180	Ignite your imagination with the technology that makes distant worlds erupt with vibrant textures rendered in high-definition clarity a reality. The Sapphire HD3650 is Microsoft Vista compatible with awesome power of 120 stream processing units, accelerates next generation DirectX 10 games while remaining best in its price vs. performance class. Support for Shader Model 4 boost the level of realism provided by the HD3650 to new heights and the available on board memory DDR / GDDR ensures a smooth frame rate in all of today's hot titles and applications. Enhance the way you play not the amount you pay.
D7936652	Forget about bass booming at your shins. The Expressionist Bass features twin desktop speakers with subwoofers built right in. That's right, the bass is in the base of each speaker. Separate 1 1/2" drivers deliver mid and high frequencies so vocals and details come through with brilliant clarity. An auxiliary input allows convenient connection of any MP3 player. Designed to complement contemporary computer and monitor styles, the Expressionist Bass brings music, movies and games to life.All the bass in half the space! It is a stylish, space-saving speaker system with powerful, desktop-level bass thanks to dual down-firing, radiating subwoofers.
D7939910	Marketing description is not available.
D7939911	PRODUCT FEATURES:Integrated speakerAV outputAdjustable stand footRemote control
D7941160	The Club 3D HD3850 AGP Edition is designed for the best High Definition video and gaming possible within its price range. By using the latest DirectX 10.1 technology, compatibility with the latest games is guaranteed. The Club 3D HD3850 AGP Edition is the right product for you when looking for the best available alround graphics card for your multimedia and game PC.
D7943260	Marketing description is not available.
D7948628	The MK4058GSX represents Toshiba's 58th generation 2.5-inch hard disk drive and offers 400GB on two platters, providing a high-capacity and light-weight storage solution for mobile computing applications. Inherent in the drive's design are technologies which reduce operating acoustics to nearly imperceptible levels. The extraordinarily quiet operation makes the MK4058GSX particularly suitable for video- and audio-playback purposes.The MK4058GSX also demonstrates Toshiba's focus on enhancing the environmental soundness of its products by eliminating certain specific toxic chemicals including halogens, antimony trioxide, red phosphorus as well as polyvinyl chloride across all 105 components contained in the drive. During operation, the MK4058GSX reduces the power consumption over even the most power-conservative 3.5-inch hard disk drives by as much as 70-percent, without sacrificing the storage capacity needed by today's digital-age users.
D7948912	PRODUCT FEATURES:Full HD 1080p for high-resolution digital content displayReal-time video communicationAdvanced video technologies for exceptional visualsStylish and user-friendly design for modern sophistication
D7950550	This silent CPU cooler is built with pure copper for enhanced performance and optimized compatibility design.
D7952294	Now you can use your PDA, MP3, CD, cassette player, PC, or laptop to listen to your favorite tunes through any FM stereo receiver. The Belkin TuneCast II Mobile FM Transmitter wirelessly connects portable music players to your car or home stereo quickly and easily using FM radio waves. Just plug the TuneCast II into the headphone jack of your PDA, MP3, CD, or cassette player; or connect it to your PC or laptop computer. Tune your car stereo or receiver to any clear FM frequency, and enjoy your music experience with more sound and fewer wires.
D7954687	PRODUCT FEATURES:Powerful overspeed supportLow noise and vibration control system for high speedOptimized algorithm for fastest speed
D7955442	Palm-sized, durable and stylish with outstanding performance and capacity, Verbatim Portable Hard Drive offers the ultimate convenient, highly portable data storage solution. Verbatim Hard Drive combines the best features of hard drive designs in one attractive package. Quite simply, the Verbatim Portable Hard Drive provides quality without compromise.
D7958549	The LG Super-Multi GH20NS15 internal DVD Rewriter features 20x DVD±R write speed and SecurDisc technology. SecurDisc is an innovative technology which provides five levels of security to protect and share data securely. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH20NS15 reads and writes in many formats. Burn and guard your data with the LG GH20NS15.
D7958560	The L227WT is a high-end, design-focused 22" widescreen monitor, equipped with the industry leading Digital Fine Contrast ratio (DFC) of 5000:1. The L227WT is set to raise the bar in monitor technology.Powered by LG's picture enhancing chipset, F-Engine, the L227WT offers users the very best image definition and color reproduction available today. When set to 'Movie Mode', a pre-configured setting of the F-Engine, the contrast ratio is maxed to an industry leading 5000:1, creating the most life-like images experienced on a PC. In addition, the monitor is equipped with a gray to gray response time of 2m/s that virtually removes all traces of ghosting, blurring or tearing.The L227WT's design perfectly compliments its high-end specifications with a sleek, and thin bezel finish housing its superior technology. The monitor is operated by a touch sensitive circular power button. Other controls, such as the F-Engine and ez-zooming, are neatly tucked away at the bottom of screen, making it a stylish addition to any home or business.The L227WT incorporates LG's proprietary technology, 'ez-zooming', a feature that gives users the ability to reduce screen resolution by one setting with just a touch of a button. This technology, which is unique to LG, is perfect for enhancing imagery and making the monitor easier to use.
D7959187	Marketing description is not available.
D7959283	The CN313 Laptop Case – S is a beautiful collection of laptop cases that brings a contemporary slant on classic design. Each case has been carefully crafted with a stylish approach to practicality. Constructed from quality materials, each case features a protective padded laptop section so you can be sure that your laptop is safe Carrying is made comfortable with a cushioned shoulder pad. The length of the shoulder strap is adjustable and the strap can be removed completely if desired. Keeping belongings organized is easy with a selection of sized pockets designed for convenience, easily accessible in front zip down section.
D7961140	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design. Premium carrying case also makes you outstanding every where and every time.S series support up to half-terabyte storage capacity. Make a movie theater, a music store, and an office of your own and take all of them with you for experiencing ultimate mobility.
D7961141	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design. Premium carrying case also makes you outstanding every where and every time.S series support up to half-terabyte storage capacity. Make a movie theater, a music store, and an office of your own and take all of them with you for experiencing ultimate mobility.
D7961142	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design. Premium carrying case also makes you outstanding every where and every time.S series support up to half-terabyte storage capacity. Make a movie theater, a music store, and an office of your own and take all of them with you for experiencing ultimate mobility.
D7961143	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design. Premium carrying case also makes you outstanding every where and every time.S series support up to half-terabyte storage capacity. Make a movie theater, a music store, and an office of your own and take all of them with you for experiencing ultimate mobility.
D7961144	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design.The compact S2 Portable - which fits in a pocket - is an ideal storage solution for those who want to carry massive amounts of digital content.
D7961145	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design.The compact S2 Portable - which fits in a pocket - is an ideal storage solution for those who want to carry massive amounts of digital content.
D7961146	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design.The compact S2 Portable - which fits in a pocket - is an ideal storage solution for those who want to carry massive amounts of digital content.
D7961148	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design.The compact S2 Portable - which fits in a pocket - is an ideal storage solution for those who want to carry massive amounts of digital content.
D7961149	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design.The compact S2 Portable - which fits in a pocket - is an ideal storage solution for those who want to carry massive amounts of digital content.
D7961150	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design.The compact S2 Portable - which fits in a pocket - is an ideal storage solution for those who want to carry massive amounts of digital content.
D7961154	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design. Premium carrying case also makes you outstanding every where and every time.S series support up to half-terabyte storage capacity. Make a movie theater, a music store, and an office of your own and take all of them with you for experiencing ultimate mobility.
D7961155	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design. Premium carrying case also makes you outstanding every where and every time.S series support up to half-terabyte storage capacity. Make a movie theater, a music store, and an office of your own and take all of them with you for experiencing ultimate mobility.
D7961309	The spread of HD-compatible flat screens is continuing. In this mini-PC barebone you will find your ideal partner to digitally transfer images and sound at the highest quality through the HDMI interface. This mini-PC made of aluminum easily meets the highest of standards in the playback of films on Blu-ray media. Away from the high-definition playback, this platform can also be used to run very routine applications at maximum speed.
D7961314	Marketing description is not available.
D7961315	Marketing description is not available.
D7961316	The Lithium-ion LP-E6 battery pack is approximately 30% more powerful than the previous battery. The LP-E6 powers the camera for 850 shots at normal temperatures, based on CIPA-compliant tests performed at Canon Inc.Each LP-E6 battery pack has a microchip with a unique, 8-character serial number. You don't see this number on the outside of the battery, but it's embedded in the battery's information source. When the battery pack is installed in the camera, you can register it using a menu command.
D7962116	Conform to Serial ATA 1.0 specification, revision 2.3Supports RAID for speed and data protection respectivelyStand-alone PCI to serial ATA host controllerConform to SATA revision 1.02 x serial ATA connectorsTwo independent Serial ATA channels to support up to two Serial ATA drivesSerial ATA generation 1 data transfer rate up to 150Mbps
D7962117	Solid body PVC compound35° turned outletsOvervoltage protectionRight angle Schuko plug with double earthing
D7962174	PRODUCT FEATURES:Stylish 2.1 speaker set including wooden subwoofer with a total RMS power output of 42 wattPowerful subwoofer for a deep and solid bass to boost your music and gaming experienceEasily accessible wired remote with volume control, power switch and headphone connectionConvenient extra line-in connection on the remote control for iPod or other portable media playerCompact satellite speakers with 2 x 2 micro driver technology for clear mid and high range audioExtra bass control at the back of the subwoofer
D7962179	Supports CPU up to 140WSolid capacitor for CPU powerAM3 CPU readySupports ATI Hybrid CrossFireXSupports HDCP function with DVI-D portSupports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD) / HD-DVD playbackSupports instant bootSupports ASRock OC tuner, intelligent energy saverSupports Smart BIOS
D7962181	Support for Socket AM2+ / AM2 processorsAMD 790GX + SB750 chipsetsAM3 CPU readySupports AMD OverDrive with ACC (Advanced Clock Calibration) featureSupports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologySupports ATI CrossFire and Hybrid CrossFireX1 x eSATAII 3.0 Gb/s connector2 x IEEE1394 ports (one port on back panel, one header on board)PCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports HDCP functionSupports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD) / HD-DVD playbackSupports Instant Boot
D7962182	ASRock DuraCap (2.5 x longer life time), 100% Japan-made high-quality conductive polymer capacitorsIntel P45+ ICH10 chipsetsSupports ATI CrossFire2 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slots6 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functions2 x eSATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectorsPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/s1 x Wi-Fi/USB headerSupports ASRock instant bootSupports smart BIOS, ASRock OC tuner, intelligent energy saver, extra ESD protectionSupports I. O. T. (Intelligent Overclocking Technology)ASRock SPDIF I/O plus
D7962184	Marketing description is not available.
D7962187	LGA 775 for Intel Core 2 Extreme/Core 2 Quad/Core 2 Duo/Pentium Dual Core/Celeron Dual Core/Celeron, supporting Penryn Quad Core Yorkfield and Dual Core Wolfdale processorsIntel G31 + ICH7 ChipsetsSupports Dual Channel DDR2 800/667 (2 x DIMM slots) with maximal capacity up to 8GBIntel Graphics Media Accelerator 3100, DirectX 9.0, Max. Shared memory 384MB1 x PCI express x16 slot4 x SATAII 3.0 Gbps connectors, 10/100 Ethernet LANSupports ASRock instant bootSupports smart BIOS, ASRock OC tuner, intelligent energy saver, Extra ESD protection
D7963275	The extremely silent SuperRock TG680-U33II is finished with an elegant painting and equips with a silent 120mm ball bearing cooling fan. Plus the full-cutting design meshed blowholes, this unit provide the outstanding thermal solution. With on/off switch, the vertical AC socket avoids the interference with PC case. The approval of 80PLUS makes this unit operate in relatively safe and increases systems' reliability. Moreover, it lowers stress on semiconductor components in the power supply as well.In order to provide the even consistent and stable output in the long-run and prolong the unit life span, SuperRock TG680-U33II configures the capacitor. In fact, with quality high-end components, the load regulation is extremely excellent.Thermal control fans are automatically adjustable by temperature sensor inside of the power supply. Fan speed is up when the system temperature rises. The fan starts to speed up, exhausting the warm air efficiently to keep the unit running coolly. The excellent silent fan avoids the noise successfully and makes you feel like you're in a super quiet environment.
D7964521	The Flatron wide format series are the finest monitors that epitomize a wide variety of cutting-edge technologies. High-tech design, best picture quality and ergonomic functionality optimize the user environment. Play movies, play games, play wide, play LG!
D7967932	The FRITZ!Fon MT-D with monochrome display, music and Internet, this phone rely on CAT-iq with HD telephony, show e-mails on the display and can be enhanced with functions using an update function. Updates are transmitted wirelessly via DECT simply by pressing a button. This allows users to benefit from future developments for phones. FRITZ!Fon is perfectly synchronized for use with FRITZ!Box models that have integrated DECT base stations.
D7968662	Shuttle's X-Series Barebone X27D is a value nettop platform in a very slim chassis. Its MiniITX mainboard comes with an energy efficient Intel Atom processor with Dual-Core. In combination with the fanless power supply it helps to minimize power consumption, reduces heat and noise. Any connectors required for everyday computing needs such as DVI, 5.1 audio, Gigabit LAN and six USB connectors are present. The Shuttle X-Series Barebone X27D is right for anyone looking for an ultra-efficient, portable and silent SOHO platform.
D7969107	Experience the power without a hefty price tag with the SLI-Ready Club 3D 9500 GT. Get a supreme visual experience and realistic gameplay in most popular games. An improved 3D experience with Microsoft Windows Vista allows easy management of photos and videos while the revolutionary PureVideo HD engine offers unmatched video-watching.Designed for latest game generations that use technologies such as HDR. This improves the natural look and feel of a game by adding far more color complexity and extreme wide contrast ratio. On top of this excellent features and new techniques are added to improve the overall image quality in your games.
D7969111	The Club 3D HD 4830 graphics card is the award winning HD 4800 series lineup and comes packed with the power and premium features you need to take gaming to the extreme. This graphics card raises the performance bar in its class, making it the perfect choice for gamers.Club 3D HD 4830 offers a wide range of connectivity support such as native HDMI, Dual Link DVI and CRT.
D7969174	The X58 Platinum mainboard is based on Intel X58 & ICH10R chipsets for optimal system efficiency. Designed to fit the advanced Intel i7 LGA1366 processor, the X58 Platinum delivers a high performance and professional desktop platform solution.
D7969177	PRODUCT FEATURES:Longer lifespan than electrolytic capacitorsEndurable to operation under higher frequency & temperatureA choke is an inductor responsible for storing power and regulates the currentAll shielded choke could reduce core power loss, lower EMI interferenceStore energy longer at higher frequency, achieving higher efficiencySupport NVIDIA hybrid SLI technologyBoost 3D graphics performance with GeForce8400/8500 graphics cardKey components status hardware monitor
D7970054	Marketing description is not available.
D7970126	Marketing description is not available.
D7970127	Questing for a system which possesses ultimate multimedia performance and silent operation, MSI Dual CoreCell comes with the perfect signal purification ability, which is necessary for higher multimedia quality and system performance.MSI DOT Express Technology is the most advanced Dynamic Overclocking technology express enabling supreme overclocking, cooling and de-noise performance. It is an advanced overclocking engine, designed to deliver up to 10% extra performance and greatly enhances the synchronized GPU and DDR performance.MSI StarOSD is a very helpful utility for the avid PC gamers. Users can easily access the StarOSD to adjust the contrast, brightness, overclocking and temperature according to each user's individual preference.MSI Live Update 3 is single utility software that automatically checks BIOS, driver and utility updates and installs for you, which can save your time for searching and lower the risk while updating.MSI Live Update online is designed to automatically download and update the BIOS and driver when there's a version online. It helps reduce the risk of getting the wrong file and minimize the trouble of searching the files from MSI website.
D7973017	There are few true revolutions in the PC industry. At the heart of the Sapphire PURE Hybrid CrossFire 780V (PI-AM2RS780V) lies AMD's revolutionary 780V+SB700 chipset. With the AMD 780V IGP chipset, all the barriers have been broken. This is the first AMD chipset to integrate a powerful DirectX 10 graphics core powered by ATI Radeon HD3100 graphics. It's the first AMD chipset that enables everyday computer users to play the latest games with no additional discrete graphics card, the first mainstream motherboard that delivers a total high definition cinematic experience and it does all of this consuming a lot less power then you'd think.
D7973018	The Pure Element 690V mainboard boasts support for the impressive AMD AM2+ Phenom, Athlon AM2 64/FX/ X2 processors, memory expansion of up to 8GB of 533/667/800 Dual Channel, PCI-Express technology, onboard X1250 graphics to fill your multimedia needs, onboard LAN/USB 2.0 affords the luxury of connectivity without limitations, and for peak hard drive performance and backwards compatibility both IDE and RAID 0/1/10 SATA II support.
D7973566	AcerAdvantage is a warranty extension program for Acer products. The goal of the AcerAdvantage program is to ensure Acer customers that they can count on dedicated and timely service in order to better use the product they purchased. Your work deserves protection and Acer is offering you the chance to continually use its products with the AcerAdvantage warranty extension program.
D7973583	The Gigabyte GA-E7AUM-DS2H motherboard powered by the latest NVIDIA Geforce 9400 GPU for the Intel processor platform. Featuring the highest level of integrated graphics performance combined with rich multimedia connectivity options, the Gigabyte GA-E7AUM-DS2H promises to deliver an exceptional high-definition video and audio experience to enable the latest high-definition digital multimedia systems.The Gigabyte GA-E7AUM-DS2H supports the powerful and energy efficient Intel multi-core processors up to FSB 1333MHz, including the latest Intel 45nm processors and also offer support for high speed DDR2 800 memory. Utilizing a 4 power phase design featuring Gigabyte's unique Ultra Durable 2 technology, users are ensured maximum upgradability through its future-proof design and longer system durability.The Gigabyte GA-E7AUM-DS2H motherboards are also equipped with the built-in high-definition 7.1 + 2 channel Realtek ALC889A sound chip, whose 106dB Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR) significantly reduces noise during signal transmission and supports Blu-ray playback for an exhilarating home theater entertainment experience.
D7974058	Marketing description is not available.
D7974325	The Fortress FT01, which sports the same super strong uni-body frame as its predecessor but with even more sleeker profile thanks to its smaller size. Designed with positive air pressure concept, it enables better cooling performance than traditional chassis but also helps to prevent dust from penetrating into the chassis by use of filters on intake fans and forcing air out of the chassis through unfiltered vents and gaps. Comprised of modern touches such as quick release drive cages and dual 180mm fans, this case is easily the top choice for anyone looking to assemble a top of the line midsize system.
D7975647	Loaded with the features, the ATI Radeon HD 4600 Series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units, support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity or take your experience to another level with multimedia capabilities. Do it all with break-through energy efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D7978896	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play.
D7978986	USB 2.0 interface2.5" HDDAluminum housingPlug and Play
D7979508	Now you can store, carry and transfer files quickly in an affordable, convenient device. The DataTraveler from Kingston helps budget-conscious users break storage barriers, allowing you to easily store and move files in a device no bigger than a pocketknife.As easy as click and drag, the DataTraveler can hold just about any file you can think of - reports pictures, spreadsheets or other important documents. It works with virtually any device with a USB port - even cross-platform from Macintosh to PC and vice versa. The DataTraveler also makes a great promotional item for your organization; it's simple to add your logo to increase brand-recognition, and it comes in multiple colors based on capacity.
D7979850	Store your HD content on a USB drive. Plug the drive in and play HD movies, digital music and family photos on your WD TV. It’s as easy as 1-2-3. This player is the most convenient way to play HD movies or user-generated videos, listen to high-quality digital music and show high-resolution slideshows of your family photos on your TV. Play content from most popular USB drives, and digital cameras, camcorders, and portable media players that can be recognized as mass storage devices. Full HD video playback and navigation is up to 1080p - experience the spectacular picture quality of HD video and crystal clear sound clarity of digital audio. Use the included remote control to navigate through your entertainment choices using crisp, animated HD menus.
D7982407	MSI Eclipse series is designed with in mind to overshadow all other mainboards. The MSI Eclipse mainboard is based on the upcoming Intel chipset and supports the Intel Nehalem architecture CPU. The color scheme of the MSI Eclipse is similar to the colors visible during an eclipse. This mainboard is equipped with True 6-Phase DrMOS PWM for the CPU, 2-Phase DrMOS for QPI, 2-Phase DrMOS for chipset, D-LED 2, Creative X-Fi hardware audio, APS, Drive Booster, a Split Thermal System and MSI GreenPower Genie.
D7982818	The world's leading remote control solution. Helps organizations access and manage remote computers securely across multiple platforms in order to resolve issues quickly.Host & Remote Standard License software provides everything needed for one computer to remotely control and access another computer, establishing a one-to-one connection. Both Host and Remote components can be installed together on the same computer, or they can be installed separately on different computers.
D7983156	Canon WFT-E4 is a light and compact image file transmitter, which supports wireless/wired LANs plus FTP, PTP and HTTP protocols. Thanks to a connection wizard with broad compatibility, network access is sharply improved. The WFT-E4 is a premier work tool with expanded capability to link up with external storage media and GPS devices and others.
D7983922	Marketing description is not available.
D7984133	StarReader Silver combines the mobile integration mini SD, micro SD, MMC mobile, MS PRO DUO, M2 all other stand and flash memory cards, it is the most sincerest commitment card reader around.
D7984983	The EX58-EXTREME is the high performance X58 Series motherboards of Gigabyte, designed from the ground up to unleash the awesome power of Intel's Core i7 processors. Equipped with a host of features including the QPI interface, 3 channel DDR3 support, 3 Way SLI and CrossFireX support, Ultra Durable 3 technology and the industry's most extensive range of overclocking features, the EX58-EXTREME is bringing excitement back into the high performance motherboard industry.
D7984984	PRODUCT FEATURES:Ultra Durable 3 technology with copper cooled quality for lower working temperatureRevolution energy saving design with DES Advanced featuring hardware based Dynamic 6-Gear switchingSupports 3 channel DDR3 2100+ memory by 6 DIMMsScalable ability to both 3 way CrossFireX and 3 way SLI support for ultimate graphics performanceAdvanced 12+2+2 power phase design with VRD 11.1 supportUnique hardware control IC to provide more precision voltage controlOnboard Debug LED display simplifies motherboard troubleshootingPatented DualBIOS with dual hardware BIOS protection2 Gigabit Ethernet LAN with teaming functionalitySupports Dolby Home Theater audio to create a stunning surround sound listening experiencePower/reset/Clr CMOS onboard button for easily operation on the workbench
D7988269	Marketing description is not available.
D7988324	Marketing description is not available.
D7989520	Achilles S1284C, a generation H.D.T. cooler, once again proves that it is possible to do concurrently both good-looking and performance. Its H.D.T. technology and 4pcs F8 heat-pipe makes Achilles a remarkable performing and special fan design makes it to reach a silent level. With LED lights, transparent fan, anti-vibration rubber, push-pin/clip for Intel and AMD, Achilles S1284 offers not only friendly, reliable, easy to install, but also powerful performance for users.
D7989521	XLF-F1253, 120mm LED cooling fan catches not only your eyes, but it also performs adding more airflow in your PC case. Shinning LED light and transparent colorific frame/blade make your PC case a spotlight. To make your PC case a spotlight and outstanding performance, XLF-F1253 is the optimal choice.
D7989522	This cooling fan catches not only your eyes, but it also performs adding more airflow in your PC case. It comes with max 2200 RPM and 29.2 CFM and also with quite level. Shinning LED light and transparent colorific frame/blade make your PC case a spotlight. To make your PC case a spotlight and outstanding performance, XLF-F8253 is the optimal choice.
D7989951	PRODUCT FEATURES:8 PCI slots for multiple graphic cardsIndependent adjustable fan barAdvance cable routing capabilityHDD relocation canisterTool free design on PCI slot, 5.25" and 3.5" bayInstalled up to 9 fans to enhance maximum airflowBottom PSU placement designEngineered for superior air circulation
D7989952	The XMS Series TR3X3G1333C9 is a 3072MByte kit of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's high performance heat sink. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of X58 DDR3-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in popular X58 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1333MHz at latencies of 9-9-9-24 at 1.50V VDIMM.
D7989954	The XMS Series TR3X6G1333C9 is a 6144MByte kit of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's high performance heat sink. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of X58 DDR3-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in popular X58 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1333MHz at latencies of 9-9-9-24 at 1.50V VDIMM.
D7990007	Designed by SAPPHIRE, the HD 4850 X2 comprises two complete HD 4850 graphics systems on a single PCI-Express card connected by an on-board PCI Express Gen 2 bridge chip. Each GPU has 800 stream process units and a 256-bit memory interface driving 1GB of GDDR3 memory, making a total of 2GB on-board memory. Four Dual Link DVI outputs are provided as well as TV-Out. This provides a choice of Multi-monitor operation or CrossFire mode in which 3D applications such as games use both on-board GPU's together to deliver a single accelerated output on the Primary display with industry leading levels of performance.
D7991150	Revolutionary "TWISTER" Bearing technology with double lifetime than 2 ball-bearingsBatwing Blade Design and Carved Halo Frame for extra 20% - 30% airflowPWM fan speed control to keep your system silent and cool all the timePatented FAIRY Frame structure with aluminum for enhanced stabilityCarved Halo Frame for minimum noiseDetachable blades for easy cleaningECLIPSE LED for switching on/off the lightSleeved cables against wire cluttered
D7999741	MSI Dual CoreCell technologyMSI DOT Express technologyMSI StarOSD, the best gaming utilityHDMI convertible outputPCI Express 2.0 supportHDMI supportHDCP support
D8003152	Marketing description is not available.
D8003364	This product's ultra-slim shape is just like your invisible TV tuner card, offering travelers to have marvelous entertainment anywhere they go. The latest AVerTV 6 ensures that users are perfectly entertained! By supporting up to 1080i high definition TV viewing, the AVerTV Digi Express 54 offers users to watch and record HDTV programs with H.264 and MPEG-2 formats. Now, no more worry about missing any of your favorite TV shows!
D8003405	The be quiet! Straight Power series stands out for its outstanding quality, fine-tuned engineering and energy-saving concept.The Straight Power 700W is a quiet and reliable high-quality power supply for PC systems with high powered graphics cards requiring a high level of power supply stability.
D8003481	Forget about bass booming at your shins. The Expressionist Bass features twin desktop speakers with subwoofers built right in. That's right, the bass is in the base of each speaker. Separate 1-1/2" drivers deliver mid and high frequencies so vocals and details come through with brilliant clarity. An auxiliary input allows convenient connection of any MP3 player. Designed to complement contemporary computer and monitor styles, the Expressionist Bass brings music, movies and games to life.
D8003723	PRODUCT FEATURES:Powered by Radeon HD 4650 GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10.1 and OpenGL 2.1 supportIntegrated with the industry's best GDDR2 memorySupports CrossFireX and Avivo HD technologyFeatures dual DVI-I / D-sub / HDMI
D8005577	By utilizing sintered powder structure, the most expensive type of heat pipe, the NT01-E possesses qualities that few coolers can match. In addition to having superior low thermal resistance and high reliability, the NT01-E is also unaffected by the direction in which the cooler must be installed. Whether your aim is to silence the system or increase cooling performance, this sophisticated heat sink will accomplish both tasks with flying colors.
D8005578	Marketing description is not available.
D8008530	The Gigabyte GV-R455D3-512I features 55nm technology. Faster clocks double the transistor density of earlier 65 nm technology. 55nm technology helped make HD 4550 series products the most advanced GPUs ever highest clocks speeds, incredible feature integration, full performance and precision all the time, and ability to take advantage of future, higher-speed memories.It also features ATI Avivo HD. ATI Avivo HD continues to provide brilliant colors, sharp images, smooth playback of Blu-ray and HD DVD content, and adds enhanced connectivity through DisplayPort, HDMI with built-in multi-channel digital audio, and on some GPUs, Unified Video Decoding (UVD). UVD is designed to enable a cool and quiet media PC with low GPU and CPU power requirements and playback of full HD 1080p content.
D8008534	The GA-EP45T-UD3LR introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology featuring a 2 oz copper PCB to help reduce system temperature and dramatically enhance performance. Based on the Intel P45 chipset the GA-EP45T-UD3LR delivers a record-setting 1600MHz FSB for the latest Intel Core 2 multi-core processors, and supports dual channel DDR3 memory at speeds of up to 2200MHz and even higher. Additionally, the GA-EP45T-UD3LR incorporates Gigabyte DES advanced technology for industry leading energy saving and enhanced system efficiency.
D8008535	The GA-EP45-UD3L introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology featuring a 2 oz copper PCB to help reduce system temperature and dramatically enhance performance. Based on the Intel P45 chipset the GA-EP45-UD3L delivers a record-setting 1600MHz FSB for the latest Intel Core 2 multi-core processors, and supports dual channel DDR2 memory at speeds of up to 1366MHz and even higher. Additionally, the GA-EP45-UD3L incorporates Gigabyte DES Advanced technology for industry leading energy saving and enhanced system efficiency.
D8008537	GA-G31M-ES2L supports Intel high performance CPU delivering the most energy-efficient performance available today. Based on Intel's Micro Architecture, the Intel multi-core processors with 4 cores and two shared L2 caches provide the best capability-per-watt solutions and are an ideal choice for multimedia enthusiasts and intensive multitasking environments. This cutting-edge processor offers significant performance boosts and provides an overall more energy efficient platform.
D8008644	PRODUCT FEATURES:DX10.1OpenGL2.1Shader Model 4.1
D8008682	The iR1020J is a compact solution for small offices that need reliable copying at their desk. With double siding as standard you can expect superb copies time after time at a brisk 20 pages per minute.Present a professional image every time with the iR1020J. You can copy black-and-white A4 business documents at your desk at 20 pages per minute and at an impressive 1200 dpi in enhanced mode. And with double-siding incorporated as standard, you will make a favorable impression and reduce wastage at the same time.Designed specifically to help enhance the productivity of small businesses and office workgroups, the iR1020J is a compact performer with big ideas. Configured with a generous 600 on-line sheets, you can enhance capacity further to a sizeable 1,100 A4 sheets if required.
D8008683	The iR1020 is here to help with your day-to-day office tasks. Sitting comfortably on your desk it runs at 20 ppm and incorporates double sided document creation for that professional-looking finish.
D8008684	The compact iR1024A brings document feeding and 24 page per minute production to your desktop. Add double siding documents and energy saving features and you've found a winning formula for your office.
D8008685	Make business communication a pleasure, with the deceptively compact iR1024 series. Combining the functionality of a variety of individual devices in one space-saving multifunctional unit, each solution packs a powerful punch. Advanced desktop communication has never been so easy.
D8008686	Added intelligence helps the iR1024i stand out as a multifunctional printer with real power. Copy beefy reports with the document feeder, print double side presentations in black and white, or scan and send information in color directly from your desk - all at a swift 24 pages per minute. Add an energy saving mode with instant recovery and you have the ideal solution for home offices or small business needing intelligent, deadline-beating performance.When you have large documents to copy it's great to have the flexibility to do it at your desk and in no time. Thanks to the built in document feeder and electronic sorting, you can leave it to the iR1024i to get the job done with no fuss. Communication skills are enhanced by the intelligent send capabilities of the iR1024i. Documents can be scanned in color via the document feeder and then sent directly to email addresses - a real time saver where quick decisions help your bottom line.You're not the only one who can benefit from the productivity enhancing benefits of the iR1024i. The iR1024i can be easily connected to your network so colleagues can take advantage too. Network printing is enabled using Canon's advanced-performance proprietary printer language UFR II Lite and PCL printing is also provided as standard.
D8008687	Added intelligence helps the iR1024iF stand out as a multifunctional printer with real power. Copy beefy reports with the document feeder, print double side presentations in black and white, send faxes, or scan and send in color directly from your desk - all at a swift 24 pages per minute. Add an energy saving mode with instant recovery and you have the ideal solution for home offices or small business needing intelligent, deadline-beating performance.When you have large documents to copy it's great to have the flexibility to do it at your desk and in no time. Thanks to the built in document feeder and electronic sorting, you can leave it to the iR1024iF to get the job done with no fuss. Communication skills are enhanced by the intelligent send capabilities of the iR1024iF. Documents can be scanned in color via the document feeder and then sent directly to email addresses - a real time saver where quick decisions help your bottom line.
D8008688	Marketing description is not available.
D8008810	The Logitech Cordless Wave Keyboard conforms to you naturally to provide one of highest levels of comfort, with long battery life and advanced 2.4 GHz wireless technology.
D8009745	The SideWinder X8 Mouse offers wireless freedom with wired performance with a 2.4GHz wireless connection that is built for lag-free play. The SideWinder mouse features an innovative play-and-charge system to ensure a nonstop gaming experience - with no need to stop the game to change batteries. The SideWinder X8 Mouse is a top performer thanks to Microsoft's proprietary BlueTrack technology that gives this mouse the best frame rate, speed and acceleration on the market.
D8009954	A perfect mix of features and high-performance technologies, the P1270 video-projector promises bright details, realistic colors and easy handling. Built-in Acer ColorBoost II technology enhances colors and renders ultra-vivid images. Combining a 6-segment Color-wheel design, a powerful image processor and the advanced Lamp Illumination technology, ColorBoost II delivers an entirely new level of color performance. The image processor uses Acer Best Color Tracking technology to improve image gradation, enriching darkest details, and displaying more natural colors. Input signal consistency ensures optimized performance for all content, whereas HSG (Hue Saturation Gain) color tuning tweaks main colors for more natural skin tones. Acer's proprietary lamp waveform design optimizes multimedia performance in bright environments.The P1270 projector also features Acer EcoProjection, an environmentally friendly management solution that reduces power consumption by up to 50% in standby mode. If the projector receives no signal for 5 minutes, the projector automatically enters ECO mode, reducing power consumption by up to 20%. In addition, ECO mode can be enabled when ambient light does not require full illumination, thus extending the lifespan of the lamp and reducing noise and power consumption.To enhance usability, the P1270 integrates Acer SmartFormat technology, a multi-format support technology that grants instant projection regardless of output display resolution, thus avoiding non-supported signal issues and the need to change the resolution of the notebook.
D8012572	Witness firsthand DirectX 10 gaming and HD features without the prohibitive price tag. The Sapphire ATI Radeon HD 2400 PRO provides next generation hardware that promises immersive high definition gaming for Windows Vista and DirectX 10 with easy CrossFire multi-GPU upgradeability to run the hot titles of today and tomorrow. Delivering a fully loaded HD feature-set including support for ATI Avivo HD, HDMI connect ability, HD Audio and Blu-ray / HD DVD decoding via Universal Video Decoding technology, the Sapphire 2400 PRO exceeds the demands of the performance hungry Media PC. The Sapphire Radeon HD 2400 PRO with its robust hardware offerings such as: the much anticipated ATI Radeon HD 2400 PRO GPU, support for up to 256MB of onboard memory, 64-bit memory interface, silent passive cooling, and PCI Express native support will provide the pixel pounding muscle to drive the feature rich Windows Vista 3D environment and increase productivity. When paired with Sapphire industry leading innovation in hardware, there is little doubt that the Sapphire 2400 PRO will lead the industry in best features and value.
D8015441	The GA-EP45-UD3LR introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology featuring a 2 oz copper PCB to help reduce system temperature and dramatically enhance performance. Based on the Intel P45 chipset the GA-EP45-UD3LR delivers a record-setting 1600MHz FSB for the latest Intel Core 2 multi-core processors, and supports dual channel DDR2 memory at speeds of up to 1366MHz and even higher. Additionally, the GA-EP45-UD3LR incorporates Gigabyte DES Advanced technology for industry leading energy saving and enhanced system efficiency.
D8016127	The KA780GM series mainboards are based on AMD 780G and SB700 chipset for optimal system efficiency. Designed to fit the advanced AMD Athlon 64 / Phenom processor, the KA780GM series deliver a high performance and professional desktop platform solution.
D8016129	This product features MSI DOT Express technology. The MSI DOT Express technology is the most advanced dynamic overclocking technology express enabling supreme overclocking, cooling and de-noise performance. It is an advanced overclocking engine, designed to deliver up to 10% extra performance and greatly enhances the synchronized GPU and DDR performance.Designed to run perfectly with PCI Express 2.0 bus architecture, offering a future proofing bridge to tomorrow's most bandwidth-hungry games and 3D applications by maximizing the 5GT/s PCI Express 2.0 bandwidth (twice that of first generation PCI Express). PCI Express 2.0 products are fully backwards compatible with existing PCI Express motherboards for broadest support.
D8016134	The PR420 features the latest Intel Centrino 2 Processor Technology, which uses Intel Core 2 Duo processor and Intel GM45 Express Chipset, to deliver innovative mobile solutions with unrivaled processor performance, stunning HD capabilities, great wireless connectivity, and long battery life. With the MSI PR420's fingerprint reader, you'll never again have to memorize awkward usernames and passwords to access your computer. In the other hand, the PR420 provides a complete range of business application interfaces, including HDMI output, E-SATA port, 4-in-one card readers, and 2 USB 2.0 ports. A Super Multi-DVD burner can play any DVD movies at demand, and burn any backup files disc upon your free will to insure important data.Combing Color Film Print Technology with ocean wave patterns in design, the PR420 has been injected with a texture to personal notebook computers. Ocean wave patterns expresses a sense of tranquility so the users may feel like they are drifting in a world of music, leaving all the troubles and insecurities of the real world behind and embrace the peace and comfort of nature. Color Film Print Technology can not only add to the elegance and brightness of the PR420, it is also soothing to the touch and scratch and fingerprint proof, the best protection for the PR420. With 1280x800 high resolution, PR420 can liven up your presentations and briefings at work with impressive and vivid colors. Measuring in at 330mm in length, 240mm in width, and 25-37 mm in height, along with a weight of 2.2kg (including battery), PR420 is very portable. No limits on movie and music anytime anywhere. With the MSI PR420's fingerprint reader, you'll never again have to memorize awkward usernames and passwords to access your computer. Just lightly press your finger on the reader at the front to unlock. Through the recognition for your unique fingerprint, you can be sure that only you and no one else can use your computer. Via a single cable, HDMI output connector not only enables 5Gbps data transfers, but also provides pristine transmission of high-definition digital video and digital audio up to 1080p resolution- allowing easy connection of HD enabled equipment such as HD monitor, HD TV, or HD projector for the best multimedia experience. With this impeccable video quality, the PR420 offers you the best way to enjoy your favorite movie titles and TV programs.PR420 supports the next-generation external SATA port which allows easily sharing and transfer of commercial or entertainment content on external devices (3Gb/s high-speed data retrieval and saves). Built-in with a 1.3 mega pixel webcam and an internal mic, the PR420 enables you to engage in real-time sharing and live-video, such as participating in videoconferencing in order to enhance your work efficiency. 802.11 b/g/n wireless networking standards and can get you on the Internet wirelessly anytime. Because of Bluetooth wireless transmission capability, you can also create a high quality digital living space all around. The PR420 features the latest Intel Centrino 2 Processor Technology, which uses Intel Core 2 Duo processor and Intel GM45 Express Chipset, to deliver innovative mobile solutions with unrivaled processor performance, stunning HD capabilities, great wireless connectivity, and long battery life.
D8016137	MSI has invited leather craftsmen with decades of experience in order to select the finest leather, determined with the highest standards in every detail, taking over 2 months to produce the very limited amount of the PX600 series Prestige Collection with real handmade craftsmanship, the warm and tender leather in texture offering the most unique quality of the PX600 series Prestige Collection.The PX600 series Prestige Collection is equipped with the easy access touch sensor, using black reflective paint for the base, echoed with the cool blue ray effect, further demonstrating the individualism and elegance of the PX600 series Prestige Collection. You may access all of the features with one simple touch, incredibly convenient.The PX600 series Prestige Collection has selected the ECO engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function by PX600 Prestige Collection, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks.
D8016406	Cognizant that the brilliant reproduction of colors is the key to believability and immersion during movie watching and gaming, ASUS VW266H widescreen LCD monitor supports high resolution, Full HD 1080p video playback via an HDMI input, a high contrast ratio and ASUS' exclusive Splendid Video Intelligence technology. Splendid utilizes a color engine that analyzes the properties of video content being played back and automatically optimizes image quality for the best visual results in any usage scenario - ultimately making for a vastly improved personal entertainment experience.Underpinning the ASUS VW266H's stunning visual performance is the exclusive Splendid Video Intelligence technology which adjusts the displays' parameters to ensure the best possible color and image reproduction based on the nature of the user's current task. Its color engine analyzes the properties of video content being played back and optimizes image quality for the best visual results. Users can experience this brilliant technology in all ASUS LCD monitors.In addition to Splendid, the ASUS VW266H incorporates a host of advanced image processing technologies that further bolster their performance. These include Trace Free technology that delivers a quick response time to eliminate image ghosting, ASUS Smart Contrast Ratio (ASCR) technology that amplifies the contrast ratio to an astounding 20000:1, and Aspect Control technology that enables the playback of 4:3 images without distortion. Moreover, the VW266H incorporates DCDi technology which improves the image quality of fast motion footage through deinterlacing and anti-aliasing.
D8016407	ASUS, the world's leading producer of motherboards brings you the most advanced and highest performing enthusiast motherboard at present: the Republic of Gamers (ROG) Rampage II Extreme. In keeping with ROG's commitment to producing cutting-edge, boundary-redefining products for the serious gaming and overclocking community, the ROG Rampage II Extreme incorporates the latest innovations and components into its architecture, such as the Intel X58 chipset and SLI/CrossFireX on Demand - delivering blistering performance through its support for the new range of Intel processors and multi-GPU technologies such as 3-Way SLI and CrossFireX.
D8016408	The P6T WS Professional workstation motherboard is the ideal foundation for a powerful workstation using the Intel X58 chipset - capable of delivering powerful and dependable performance; together with unparalleled I/O scalability for the most demanding tasks and upgrades in the future. Through ASUS' innovative design, the P6T WS Professional is able to support both SLI and CrossFireX technologies in order to deliver extreme and incredible graphical processing performance. Furthermore, it is also equipped with 2 built-in SAS connectors and 2 PCI-X slots onboard to allow users the flexibility of choice in multiple storage solutions.
D8016419	The ASUS EAH4670 series utilizes a specially designed fansink that effectively dissipates heat away from the graphics card. This fansink quickly transfers heat away from the GPU to lower temperatures by a whopping 15°C in comparison to reference design boards. Besides this extraordinary cooling capacity, the fansink operates 16dB quieter than generic designed fansinks - catering to users who require maximum cooling without excessive fan rotation noise.Utilizing any HDMI product that is not approved may result in poor performance, and can even void the warranty on other HDMI enabled hardware. Therefore, the "HDMI Certified" ASUS EAH4670 series - which supports native HDMI, truly are the most trusted graphics cards for home theater enthusiasts.Keeping in line with ASUS' rock solid promise for quality, the EAH4670 series comes with several solutions to deliver top quality graphic performances. The LF PAK MOS guarantees more efficient power with less heat generation; while Japan-made solid capacitors lower power loss for more stable operations - even under long-term usage. Additionally, the EAH4670 series also comes with EMI shielding to reduce 66% EMI interference - producing more stable signals; while DIP spring chokes lower temperatures by 5-10°C in comparison to traditional toroidal coil chokes. Thus, users will enjoy extreme graphical performances and retain peace of mind with the ASUS EAH4670 series.
D8016421	PRODUCT FEATURES:10% faster than generic GeForce 9800GTExclusive Glaciator Fansink design7°C cooler than reference designPCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportMicrosoft DirectX 10 and Shader Model 4.0 supportOpenGL 2.0 supportHDCP compliantNVIDIA PureVideo HD technologyNVIDIA Quantum technology
D8016468	With major advancements in video, graphics, responsiveness and scalability, the V3-P5G45 with Intel G45 Express Chipset will be the center of home computing, communications, and entertainment.V3-P5G45 delivers optimized 3D graphics performance. It supports hardware decode of high definition content, full 1080P, and offers the best playback of Blue-ray. Moreover, with theater-like HD 8 channel audio, it allows better entertaining enjoyment with high quality sound.
D8016564	VW195NL LCD monitors supports tilt, height adjustment and swivel functions for visual comfort.VW195NL incorporates DVI input with HDCP (High-Bandwidth Digital Content Protection) supported to ensure high-resolution video signal integrity and image quality.
D8016572	Built-in high quality webcam is easy for popular instant messaging applications on 19" widescreen.
D8016987	What happens when your wireless signal is too weak to connect to an access point in another building and you want to better position your wireless antenna in a higher or wider place to get a better signal?The antenna extension cable is the answer to your problems. There is no need to move your access point or wireless router, which may sometimes be immovable, from place to place.
D8016988	9dBi directional operation covers long rangesWeather proof design, suitable for all weather conditionsFeatures 100cm CFD-200 low loss cable for flexible deploymentN female connector, applicable in most outdoor solutions
D8016989	14dBi directional operation boosts your signal to a higher rangeWeather proof design, suitable for all weather conditionsFeatures 100cm CFD-200 low loss cable for flexible deploymentN female connector, applicable in most outdoor solutions
D8016990	What happens when your wireless signal is too weak to connect to an access point in another building and you want to better position your wireless antenna in a higher or wider place to get a better signal?The antenna extension cable is the answer to your problems. There is no need to move your access point or wireless router, which may sometimes be immovable, from place to place.
D8016991	What happens when your wireless signal is too weak to connect to an access point in another building and you want to better position your wireless antenna in a higher or wider place to get a better signal?The antenna extension cable is the answer to your problems. There is no need to move your access point or wireless router, which may sometimes be immovable, from place to place.
D8016992	The TL-ANT24PT pigtail cable is ideal for flexible connection between rigid outdoor cable and wireless access points/routers. It is very easy to use, no configuration or installation software required.
D8016993	The Surge Protector protects your network from lightning strikes and electrical surges. It is compatible with devices that have N-Type connectors. Use the Surge Protector to connect a wireless device, to an external antenna and protect your entire network from catastrophic electrical surges.
D8016994	The TP-LINK TL-WN353GD 54M Wireless PCI Adapter provides you the flexibility to install your PC in the most convenient location available, without the cost of running network cables.The Adapter's auto-sensing capability allows high packet transfer rate of up to 54Mbps for maximum throughput, or dynamic range shifting to lower speeds due to distance or operating limitations in an environment with a lot of electromagnetic interference. It can also interoperate with all 11Mbps wireless (802.11b) products.TL-WN353GD supports up to 128-bit WEP and WPA encryption, so you need not to worry about the safety of your wireless data or privacy.TL-WN353GD is also quite easy to install with the help of TP-LINK's easy-to-configure wireless client utility. With TL-WN353GD, you can easily connect your PC to your Wireless Access Point and enjoy the pleasure of Wi-Fi.
D8016995	The TP-LINK TL-WN422G Wireless USB Adapter gives you the flexibility to install the PC or notebook PC in the most convenient location available, without the cost of running network cables.With powerful 4dBi detachable antenna, the TL-WN422G remains excellent performance in the long range and bad environment, it can receive signal from wireless base even separated by 2 floors. The USB adapter can be plugged to the laptop directly or put on the table, convenient and portable to carry, it's a right choice if you need a pocket USB adapter.Its auto-sensing capability allows high packet transfer up to 54Mbps for maximum throughput, or dynamic range shifting to lower speeds due to distance or operating limitations in an environment with a lot of electromagnetic interference. It can also interoperate with all the 11Mbps wireless (802.11b) products. Your wireless communications are protected by up to 256-bit encryption, so your data stays secure.Additionally, TL-WN422G supports Soft AP, which supports PSP connection, brings you joyful online-gaming experience.
D8016996	The 54Mbps wireless router TL-WR340G is dedicated to small office/home office (SOHO) wireless network solution. It integrates a wireless access point, a built-in 4-ports full-duplex 10/100Mbps switch and the NAT-router. So it supports you connect your network wirelessly better than ever, and let your all wireless and wired devices share a high-speed DSL or cable Internet connection, files and other resources such as printers and hard disk storage space.The 54Mbps wireless router TL-WR340G provides up to 54Mbps data transferring rate in the 2.4GHz frequency. It complies with IEEE 802.11g and IEEE802.11b. It is compatible with all IEEE 802.11g and IEEE 802.11b devices.The 54Mbps wireless router TL-WR340G also integrates the firewall including IP address filtering, MAC address filtering and domain name filtering, which let you easily administrate other users' Internet access. The Dos protection helps to prevent intruders from connecting to your network.With the most attentive wireless security, the TL-WR340G 54Mbps wireless router provides multiple protection measures. It can be set to turn off wireless network name (SSID) broadcast so that only stations that have the SSID can be connected. The router provides wireless LAN 64/128/152-bit WEP encryption security, and WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK authentication and TKIP/AES encryption security. It also supports VPN pass-through for sensitive data secure transmission.The TL-WR340G 54Mbps wireless router is easy to manage. Quick Setup Wizard is supported and friendly help messages are provided for every step. So you can configure it quickly.Offering easy-to-use configuration wizard, basic routing and security function, TL-WR340G is your best choice to create a simple wireless for your home and small office.
D8016997	The TL-WR543G 54M Wireless AP Client Router integrates 4-port switch, firewall, NAT-router and Wireless AP. Its design is dedicated to Small Office/Home Office (SOHO) wireless network solutions. The TL-WR543G 54M Wireless AP Client Router allows you to connect your network wirelessly better than ever, share the Internet access, files and fun, easily and securely.The TL-WR543G 54M Wireless AP Client Router provides 2 operation modes for multi-user to access the Internet - AP Client Router mode and AP Router mode. In AP Client Router mode, you can access the Internet wirelessly with the support of a WISP. In AP Router mode, it can access the Internet via a Cable/DSL modem.In the most attentive wireless security, the TL-WR543G 54M Wireless AP Client Router provides multiple protection ways. In AP Router Mode, it can be set to turn off the wireless network name (SSID) broadcast so that only stations that have the SSID can be connected. The router provides wireless LAN 64/128/152-bit WEP encryption security, WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK authentication, as well as TKIP/AES encryption security. It also supports VPN pass-through for sensitive data secure transmission.The TL-WR543G 54M Wireless AP Client Router complies with IEEE 802.11g and IEEE 802.11b standards so that the data transmission rate is up to 54Mbps. It adopts 2x to 3x eXtended Range WLAN data transmission technology, which is 2-3 times of traditional IEEE 802.11g and IEEE 802.11b solutions. The transmission range is extended to 4-9 times. It is compatible with all IEEE 802.11g and IEEE 802.11b products.The TL-WR543G 54M Wireless AP Client Router provides flexible access control in AP Router mode so that parents or network administrators can establish restricted access policies for children or staff. It has built-in NAT and DHCP server supporting static IP address distributing. It also supports Virtual Server and DMZ host for Port Triggering needs, and remote management and log so that network administrators can manage and monitor the network in real time.The TL-WR543G 54M Wireless AP Client Router is easy-to-manage. Quick setup is supported and friendly help messages are provided for every step. So you can configure it quickly and share the Internet access, files and fun.
D8016998	The TL-WR641G 108Mbps Wireless Router integrates firewall, NAT-router and Wireless AP. The design is dedicated to Small Office/Home Office (SOHO) wireless network solution. The TL-WR641G 108Mbps Wireless Router will allow you to connect your network wirelessly better than ever, sharing Internet Access, files and fun, easily and securely.With the most attentive wireless security, the TL-WR641G 108Mbps Wireless Router provides multiple protection measures. It can be set to turn off wireless network name (SSID) broadcast so that only stations that have the SSID can be connected. The Router provides wireless LAN 64/128/152-bit WEP encryption security, and WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK authentication and TKIP/AES encryption security. It also supports VPN pass-through for sensitive data secure transmission.The TL-WR641G 108Mbps Wireless Router complies with the IEEE 802.11g/b standards and adopts 108M Super G WLAN transmission technology so that data rate is up to 108Mbps. It adopts 2x to 3x eXtended Range WLAN transmission technology so that transmission distance is 2-3 times that of traditional 11g/b solutions. Transmission range is extended to 4-9 times. It is compatible with all IEEE 802.11g and IEEE 802.11b products.The TL-WR641G 108Mbps Wireless Router provides flexible access control. It has built-in NAT and DHCP server supporting static IP address distributing. It also supports Virtual Server and DMZ host for Port Triggering needs, as well as remote management and log so that network administrators can manage and monitor the network on real time.The TL-WR641G 108Mbps Wireless Router is easy-to-manage. Quick Setup Wizard is supported and friendly help messages are provided for every step. So you can configure it quickly and share Internet access, files and fun.
D8016999	The TL-WN961N Wireless N Mini PCI Adapter complies with IEEE 802.11n (Draft 2.0), IEEE 802.11g, and IEEE 802.11b standards. Wireless transmission rates can reach up to 300Mbps. The Mini PCI card adopts 3 x 3 MIMO technology providing even better wireless performance, transmission rates, stability and coverage. At the same time, CCA technology automatically avoids channel conflicts using its channel selection feature. This product supports 64/128/152-bit WEP encryptions, as well as WPA/WPA2 and WPA-PSK/WPA2-PSK encryptions and mechanisms in addition to the adapter's QSS (Quick Secure Setup) feature, allowing users to quickly and easily configure wireless security. This product can also simultaneously operate bandwidth intensive applications such as voice and video. Applications using a lot of bandwidth that are sensitive to interruptions such as voice and video applications are given priority in order to assure quality. It also works well with other 11g and 11n protocol wireless products.
D8017375	Microprocessor controlled Line Interactive technologyBoost and buck automatic voltage regulation (AVR)Advanced battery management (ABM)Short circuit and overload protectionLightning and surge protectionFault status LEDsCold start & energy saving featuresTelephone / modem Internet surge protection
D8017376	Microprocessor controlled Line Interactive technologyBoost and buck automatic voltage regulation (AVR)Advanced battery management (ABM)Short circuit and overload protectionLightning and surge protectionFault status LEDsCold start and energy saving featuresTelephone/modem Internet surge protection
D8017377	Microprocessor controlled Line Interactive technologyBoost and buck automatic voltage regulationAdvanced battery managementShort circuit and overload protectionLightning and surge protectionFault status LEDsCold start and energy saving featuresTelephone / modem Internet surge protection
D8017572	Marketing description is not available.
D8017573	Marketing description is not available.
D8017574	Acer Bundles combine an Acer warranty, carry case and a retractable optical mini mouse.The Acer case offers an elegant design and specifically designed for Acer notebook computers. Improve your organization with this case which features pockets for your mobile phone, files and much more.The Acer mini mouse offers users a compact and elegant design with retractable cord making it ideal for traveling or use in the office/home.
D8017575	Acer Bundles combine an Acer warranty, carry case and a retractable optical mini mouse.The Acer case offers an elegant design and specifically designed for Acer notebook computers. Improve your organization with this case which features pockets for your mobile phone, files and much more.The Acer mini mouse offers users a compact and elegant design with retractable cord making it ideal for traveling or use in the office/home.
D8017612	PRODUCT FEATURES:Powered by ATI Radeon HD 4350 GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10.1 and OpenGL 2.1 supportSupports Avivo HDFeatures dual DVI-I / D-sub / HDMI
D8019596	The LG Super-Multi GH22NS30 internal SATA DVD rewriter features a 22x DVD±R write speed and SecureDisc technology that allows you to protect and share data securely. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH22NS30 can read and write in CD, DVD±R, DVD±RW, and DVD RAM formats.
D8019597	PRODUCT FEATURES:World's fastest 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interface
D8019623	The slick paint coating creates a pleasurable look to the case. With the convenient front door, the TA-B2 offers easy operation to optical drive device.
D8020673	The NVIDIA GeForce 7 series of graphics processing units (GPUs) represent a significant leap forward in 3D graphics design, delivering the unparalleled horsepower and revolutionary technologies you need to tackle the latest games and video applications. The GeForce 7 series GPUs deliver blazing frame rates and outstanding image quality so you can experience full-throttle graphics performance.
D8020677	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 Series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards. Dollar-for-dollar, this GPU packs great performance.
D8020682	Marketing description is not available.
D8022657	The Intel Core 2 Duo processors are built in several of the world's most advanced, high-volume output manufacturing facilities using Intel's leading silicon process technology. The processor family is based on the revolutionary Intel Core microarchitecture, designed to provide powerful yet energy-efficient performance. With the power of dual cores, or computing engines, the processors can manage numerous tasks faster. They also can operate more smoothly when multiple applications are running, such as writing e-mails while downloading music or videos and conducting a virus scan.
D8022738	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D8023079	Marketing description is not available.
D8023219	Marketing description is not available.
D8023229	The DIGITUS Double section wall cabinets are made of a robust steel construction with a minimum of seams. The side sections are detachable and lockable. The double section simplifies the access and installation of 19" components. Due to their flexibility the cabinets are ideal for all current IT - and Telecommunication applications.
D8023230	Marketing description is not available.
D8023231	Marketing description is not available.
D8023232	Marketing description is not available.
D8023233	Marketing description is not available.
D8023234	Small hook attachment for wall mountingSupports VESA standard dimensions
D8023235	Marketing description is not available.
D8023401	Marketing description is not available.
D8023438	Solid capacitor for CPU powerSupports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologyAM3 CPU readySupports NVIDIA Hybrid SLI1 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slot1 x eSATA II 3.0 Gbps connectorGigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/s2 x IEEE1394 portsSupports DVI-D and D-sub ports by independent display controllersSupports HDCP function with DVI-D portSupports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD)/HD-DVD playback with DVI-D portNVIDIA PureVideo HD readyChipset embedded HDMI audio1 x USB/Wi-Fi headerSupports ASRock Instant BootSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy Saver, Extra ESD Protection
D8023440	PRODUCT FEATURES:Supports FSB1333/1066/800/533MHz CPUsIntegrated NVIDIA GeForce 7100 DX9.0 VGA, Pixel Shader 3.0, maxSupports DDR2 800/667/533 x 2 DIMM slots1 x PCI Express x16 slotHybrid booster - safe overclocking technology4 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support RAID (RAID 0, RAID 1, RAID 0+1, JBOD and RAID 5), NCQ, AHCI and "hot plug" functionsGigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports HDCP function with DVI-D port, to enjoy better quality with High Definition HDCP encryption contentsSupports 720p Blu-ray (BD) / HD-DVD playback1 x WiFi/E header
D8023617	Marketing description is not available.
D8024036	X7-G700 Gaming Keyboard is tailor-made with unbeatable gaming features and a sleek ergonomic design. Combat your opponent effortlessly and confidently with the quick 4 speed Shift Feature-Normal, High-Speed, Turbo and Extreme-Your can respond up to 3x faster than your enemies at an astounding 7.92ms response rate. And the X7-G700 delivers the ultimate in gaming performance.
D8024037	Marketing description is not available.
D8024189	The bold design lends an air of distinguished computing, and the cooling system perfectly made for longer component operations.
D8025018	The Logitech G13 Advanced Gameboard gives you game-changing comfort and control.
D8025057	Trust Laser Mini Mouse Carbon Edition MI-7760Cp is a compact wireless laser mouse with carbon look and in-mouse storable micro receiver. It features high precision laser sensor, comfortable shape with rubber side pads for a firm grip, and compact design takes up limited space in notebook bags. Its special button switches sensitivity to 800 and 1600dpi.
D8025214	The cell phone-sized FRITZ!WLAN Repeater N/G is simply plugged into the socket. To establish a secure wireless connection, all you have to do is touch the display. FRITZ!WLAN Repeater N/G supports all common WLAN protocols including WLAN N at up to 300 Mbit/s. With its compact design it can be plugged into any socket; no cables or special fixings are required. FRITZ!WLAN Repeater N/G is operated using the touch screen display, which also provides information. FRITZ!WLAN Repeater N/G will be performing live for the first time on the AVM stand C48 in Hall 13.
D8025216	The be quiet! Straight Power series stands out for its outstanding quality, fine-tuned engineering and energy-saving concept.The Straight Power 550W is a quiet and reliable high-quality power supply for PC systems with high powered graphics cards requiring a high level of power supply stability.
D8025980	The hottest Super+1GB edition, with the revolutionary PureVideo HD technology engine, allows to deliver astonishing Blu-ray movie picture quality with reduced CPU utilization and low power consumption.
D8025981	Marketing description is not available.
D8027472	Corsair Professional Series power supplies set a new standard by which all premium PSUs must be judged. Designed and engineered using cutting-edge technology, each Corsair Professional Series power supply is built to the highest quality standards, and delivers the features and performance that technology enthusiasts demand. Corsair Professional Series power supplies are built using Industrial Grade electrical components, ensuring the stable, clean and reliable voltages that are essential for high-end gaming PCs and workstations.Corsair Professional Series power supplies boast an innovative cabling configuration that uses low-profile, flat modular cables that reduce air friction to help maximize airflow through the computer chassis. The modular design also simplifies installation as it allows unprecedented flexibility in utilizing only those cables which are needed.
D8028000	PRODUCT FEATURES:Full compliant with USB specification revision 2.0One Touch Backup function (OTB)
D8028030	SanDisk Memory Stick Micro or ''M2'' is the ideal memory card solution for Sony Ericsson's slim line, multimedia mobile phones needing expandable storage for music, videos, and quality photos.
D8028031	SanDisk Memory Stick Micro or ''M2'' is the ideal memory card solution for Sony Ericsson's slim line, multimedia mobile phones needing expandable storage for music, videos, and quality photos.
D8028032	SanDisk Memory Stick Micro or ''M2'' is the ideal memory card solution for Sony Ericsson's slim line, multimedia mobile phones needing expandable storage for music, videos, and quality photos.
D8028246	The LG Super-Multi GH20NS10 internal DVD Rewriter features 20x DVD±R write speed and SecurDisc technology. SecurDisc is an innovative technology which provides five levels of security to protect and share data securely. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH20NS10 reads and writes in CD, DVD±R, DVD±RW, and DVD RAM formats. Burn and guard your data with the LG GH20NS10.
D8028247	The LG Super-Multi GH22NS30 internal SATA DVD rewriter features a 22x DVD±R write speed and SecureDisc technology that allows you to protect and share data securely. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH22NS30 can read and write in CD, DVD±R, DVD±RW, and DVD RAM formats.
D8028303	Environment friendly product with RoHS complianceSerial ATA 3.0 Gbps interface supportImproved performance with dual-ARM based firmwareImproved recording stability over temperature with PMRATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantAdvanced dynamic FOD control for best data integrityATA Automatic Acoustic Management featureIntelligent compensation of external disturbanceATA 48-bit address featureSATA Native Command Queuing featureATA Device Configuration Overlay featureDevice Initiated SATA Power ManagementNoiseGuardRotational vibration sensorSilentSeek
D8029639	The CLX-3170FN is designed to support all of your document needs - from printing and copying, to more advanced networking solutions for your business.
D8030508	A technology leader in engineering premium memory solutions, Kingston is proud to offer "HyperX" memory products for gaming enthusiasts. Get faster gaming for better action, and the highest performance that your motherboard or system can support with Kingston HyperX!If Speed is what you need, HyperX memory modules are specially engineered and tested for higher speeds and for system overclocking. Unlike other gamer modules, each of Kingston's memory chips are custom-packaged and tested at their rated speeds. This means that every HyperX memory chip is verified to reliably support the top speed on high-end Advantest memory testers before they are included on premium quality HyperX memory modules.Kingston HyperX memory is designed based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D8030509	A technology leader in engineering premium memory solutions, Kingston is proud to offer "HyperX" memory products for gaming enthusiasts. Get faster gaming for better action, and the highest performance that your motherboard or system can support with Kingston HyperX!If Speed is what you need, HyperX memory modules are specially engineered and tested for higher speeds and for system overclocking. Unlike other gamer modules, each of Kingston's memory chips are custom-packaged and tested at their rated speeds. This means that every HyperX memory chip is verified to reliably support the top speed on high-end Advantest memory testers before they are included on premium quality HyperX memory modules.Kingston HyperX memory is designed based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D8030510	A technology leader in engineering premium memory solutions, Kingston is proud to offer "HyperX" memory products for gaming enthusiasts. Get faster gaming for better action, and the highest performance that your motherboard or system can support with Kingston HyperX!If Speed is what you need, HyperX memory modules are specially engineered and tested for higher speeds and for system overclocking. Unlike other gamer modules, each of Kingston's memory chips are custom-packaged and tested at their rated speeds. This means that every HyperX memory chip is verified to reliably support the top speed on high-end Advantest memory testers before they are included on premium quality HyperX memory modules.Kingston HyperX memory is designed based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D8030511	DDR3 modules are specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. DDR3 memory offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption than DDR2. HyperX DDR3 modules are available in single, dual and triple-channel memory kits.
D8030512	DDR3 modules are specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. DDR3 memory offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption than DDR2. HyperX DDR3 modules are available in single, dual and triple-channel memory kits.
D8030513	DDR3 modules are specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. DDR3 memory offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption than DDR2. HyperX DDR3 modules are available in single, dual and triple-channel memory kits.
D8030520	MSI Wind PC is based on new generation platform which is designed for a mix of performance, low power usage, size and affordability which is suitable for mobile applications or for users who leave their computers on 24-hours per day. This highly-functional system is very space-saving; you can practically put it anywhere, on the table or bookshelf. The attractive design makes the MSI Wind PC sleek and modern which complements any room in your home.
D8030521	MSI Wind PC is based on new generation platform which is designed for a mix of performance, low power usage, size and affordability which is suitable for mobile applications or for users who leave their computers on 24-hours per day. This highly-functional system is very space-saving; you can practically put it anywhere, on the table or bookshelf. The attractive streamline design makes the MSI Wind PC sleek and modern which complements any room in your home.
D8030522	MSI Wind PC is based on new generation platform which is designed for a mix of performance, low power usage, size and affordability which is suitable for mobile applications or for users who leave their computers on 24-hours per day. This highly-functional system is very space-saving; you can practically put it anywhere, on the table or bookshelf. The attractive streamline design makes the MSI Wind PC sleek and modern which complements any room in your home.
D8030691	Ultra-compact and lightweight at merely 1.2 kg (2.7 lbs.), the P3150 projector offers portable yet powerful projection. Showing off 2000 ANSI Lumens brightness, native SVGA (800 x 600) resolution and 2000:1 contrast ratio, the P3150 delivers intense performance even in large venues with bright ambient light. An HDMI port offers advanced digital connectivity to a variety of media sources. Acer ColorBoost II and SmartFormat technologies provide brilliant, professional imaging for superior presentations. With Acer EcoProjection technology, the P3150 saves energy by cutting standby power by as much as 50 percent.
D8031291	A technology leader in engineering premium memory solutions, Kingston is proud to offer "HyperX" memory products for gaming enthusiasts. Get faster gaming for better action, and the highest performance that your motherboard or system can support with Kingston HyperX!If Speed is what you need, HyperX memory modules are specially engineered and tested for higher speeds and for system overclocking. Unlike other gamer modules, each of Kingston's memory chips are custom-packaged and tested at their rated speeds. This means that every HyperX memory chip is verified to reliably support the top speed on high-end Advantest memory testers before they are included on premium quality HyperX memory modules.Kingston HyperX memory is designed based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D8031418	This mobile rack with one ventilation system is suitable for SATA HDDs. The case consists of plastic. The integral fan increases the life of your hardware in this rack. The TC-Y40 is perfect for people who need to change often their hard disks. With this mobile rack you can change your hard disks whenever you want.
D8031421	Marketing description is not available.
D8031427	Marketing description is not available.
D8031429	Marketing description is not available.
D8031430	Marketing description is not available.
D8031432	Marketing description is not available.
D8031433	Marketing description is not available.
D8031436	Marketing description is not available.
D8031790	Marketing description is not available.
D8031792	Marketing description is not available.
D8031793	Marketing description is not available.
D8031797	Includes air ductLateral ventilation slots on VGA levelHDDs laterally mountablePower supply
D8031798	Marketing description is not available.
D8031799	Marketing description is not available.
D8031800	Marketing description is not available.
D8031801	Air ductLateral ventilation slots on VGA levelMirror finish front panelWith eSATA4 x USB
D8031802	Marketing description is not available.
D8031803	Marketing description is not available.
D8031804	Marketing description is not available.
D8031807	Marketing description is not available.
D8031809	Marketing description is not available.
D8033322	PRODUCT FEATURES:Powerful overspeed supportLow noise and vibration control system for high speedOptimized algorithm for fastest speed
D8033407	The clear-looking bezel design carved with embossed floral pattern makes the TA-B3 chassis one of a kind!
D8034094	The Targus Home/Office Notebook Power Adapter is the ideal secondary/replacement power solution for mobile users. Boasting an attractive, slim design it's ideal for use at home or in the office. Utilizing an interchangeable intelligent tip system, this multi- brand adapter is designed to power and charge over 9,500 notebooks.
D8034300	The Deskstar P7K500 hard drive provides an exceptional blend of power efficiency and performance making it an ideal solution for consumer and enterprise power-friendly PCs. Leveraging sixth-generation power management technology as well as power-saving innovations pioneered on Hitachi's popular 2.5-inch line of notebook PC hard drives, this new breed of desktop drive delivers best-in-class power management and thermal emissions to help manufacturers meet energy compliance targets and extend drive life.Featuring a choice of Parallel ATA or Serial SATA interface options to meet the needs of many design configurations, the Deskstar P7K500 is also built using the industry's most reliable perpendicular magnetic recording (PMR) techniques to maximize capacity, performance and field reliability.
D8034616	This device allows you to use your home or office's existing electrical wiring to create a network for multiple computers to share files or connecting DVR, X-Box or Set-top Box device to join the network, or to provide access points for broadband connectivity.Using the existing AC outlet, you can obtain greater flexibility in arrangement of a new network with your existing wired or wireless network. No extra cost is needed.
D8035692	With all the latest features, the Club 3D HD 4350 graphics card delivers the performance you need to take your high-definition experience to the next level at home, work and play. Add this graphics card to your PC and watch Blu-ray movies and HD content play with incredible visual fidelity, and view digital photos with over 1 billion colors. Enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism and play the latest games with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Do it all with break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8035693	Loaded with the latest features, the Club 3D HD4650 delivers a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics chips. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Equip your system with a Club 3D HD 4650 graphics card to watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that delivers new levels of performance in the mainstream segment.
D8035694	Loaded with the latest features, the Club 3D HD 4650 delivers a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics chips. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Equip your system with a Club 3D HD 4650 graphics card to watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that delivers new levels of performance in the mainstream segment.
D8035695	With all the latest features, the Club 3D HD 4350 graphics card delivers the performance you need to take your high-definition experience to the next level at home, work and play. Add this graphics card to your PC and watch Blu-ray movies and HD content play with incredible visual fidelity, and view digital photos with over 1 billion colors. Enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism and play the latest games with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Do it all with break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8037806	The be quiet! Pure Power series stands for safe and reliable ATX quality power supplies. It is especially well suited for PC systems with graphic cards drawing power via the motherboard.It is equipped with the energy-saving ECO concept and an optimal security package.The be quiet! Pure Power 300W comes outfitted with two 12V rails to ensure a high degree of stability.
D8037807	The be quiet! Pure Power series stands for safe and reliable ATX quality power supplies. It is especially well suited for PC systems with graphic cards drawing power via the motherboard.It is equipped with the energy-saving ECO concept and an optimal security package.The be quiet! Pure Power 350W comes outfitted with two 12V rails to ensure a high degree of stability.
D8037871	The TL-SL2210WEB Gigabit-Uplink Web Smart Switch fully complies with IEEE 802.3/802.3u/802.3ab/802.3z Ethernet standards. It provides 8 10/100Mbps and 1 10/100/1000Mbps UTP/STP RJ45 ports with auto-MDI/MDIX and 1 SFP independence expansion slots supporting MiniGBIC modules. It also provides Web-based management functions including the system, port network, VLAN, Trunk, Priority and security etc. Its standard 19-inch rack-mountable steel case and intelligent management makes it is suitable for small, middle and large networks.
D8037872	The TL-SL2218WEB Gigabit-Uplink Web Smart Switch fully complies with IEEE 802.3/802.3u/802.3ab/802.3z Ethernet standards. It provides 16 10/100Mbps and 1 10/100/1000Mbps UTP/STP RJ45 ports with auto-MDI/MDIX and 1 SFP independence expansion slots supporting MiniGBIC modules. It also provides Web-based management functions including the system, port network, VLAN, Trunk, Priority and security etc. Its standard 19-inch rack-mountable steel case and intelligent management makes it is suitable for small, middle and large networks.
D8038379	The TR3X3G1600C8D is a 3072MByte kit of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs based upon Corsair's high performance Dominator family of memory which includes Intel's Extreme Memory Profiles. This enables a robust, profile based high performance DDR3 over-clocking solution for Intel X58 platforms targeted for enthusiasts, gamers and overclockers who want to extract maximum performance from their platforms. Built using Corsair’s Dual-path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology, this part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of X58 DDR3-based motherboards. This memory has been verified to operate at 1600MHz at latencies of 8-8-8-24 at 1.65V VDIMM.
D8038380	The XMS Series TR3X3G1600C9 is a 3072MByte kit of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's high performance heat sink which includes Intel's Extreme Memory Profiles. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of X58 DDR3-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in popular X58 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1600MHz at latencies of 9-9-9-24 at 1.65V VDIMM.
D8038382	The TR3X6G1600C8D is a 6144MByte kit of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs based upon Corsair's high performance Dominator family of memory which includes Intel's Extreme Memory Profiles (XMP 1.2). This enables a robust, profile based high performance DDR3 over-clocking solution for Intel X58 platforms targeted for enthusiasts, gamers and overclockers who want to extract maximum performance from their platforms. Built using Corsair's Dual-path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology, this part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of X58 DDR3-based motherboards. This memory has been verified to operate at 1600MHz at latencies of 8-8-8-24 at 1.65V VDIMM.
D8040398	Acer's Extensa 5630 comes with features suited to the progressive professional's daily life. With the Pentium processor, the Extensa 5630 boosts mobility and efficiency of any professional user looking for perfect match between performance and price.
D8040615	The U100 has selected a 10" wide LCD display as oppose to the typical smaller sizes to provide better comfort while viewing or reading. In addition, the 1024 x 600 resolution can relief concerns of the full display of web pages while browsing, giving you the freedom when exploring the internet. The U100 is equipped with the capability of magnifying text within software, so you may magnify any of the words displayed on the monitor freely, making it easier when you are viewing photos, editing or reading documents. MSI has the same persistence for proper ergonomically design even on the keyboards of the smaller notebook computers. The keyboard of the U100 not only has great texture, it also increased the space between the keys to 17.5mm, allowing you to be as comfortable as you can. Plus, ingeniously designed spacebar and touchpad, so your fingers can move smoothly while avoiding strain.Unlike its other competitors that has compromised the memory capacity to decrease in size, the U100 is equipped with the 2.5 inch standard hard drive with massive capacity. It can operate just as any other notebook computers; without the worries of not having enough memory capacity to record the greatest moments in life. The U100 has the 802.11b/g/n wireless all region internet connection and Bluetooth transmission interface, so you can enjoy the convenience of accessing the internet at home or out. There will be absolutely no obstacles getting around your daily life. U100 offers a complete entertainment interface, which includes the 4 in 1 Card Reader (applicable to SD. MMC, MS, and MS Pro), so it may meet the standards of the mainstream memory cards, making it easy to upload digital files into the notebook computer.
D8043786	PRODUCT FEATURES:Max. 334GB formatted capacity per diskSerial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportImproved recording stability over temperature with PMRAdvanced dynamic FOD control for best data integrityIntelligent compensation of external disturbanceSATA native command queuing featureDevice initiated SATA power managementStaggerd Spin-up SupportEnvironment friendly product with RoHS complianceImproved performance with dual-ARM based firmwareATA automatic acoustic management featureATA 48-bit address featureATA device configuration overlay feature
D8043790	A monitor that mirrors art? Samsung designed the T240 with gracefully sculpted edges and a bezel with a soft hint of rich red. It also delivers impressive features like a 20,000:1 dynamic contrast ratio for sharper images and 2 ms response time which eliminates blurring. The Samsung T240 is more than just a monitor, its high-style combined with impressive technology.
D8044712	The Value Select line provides quality, tested, compatible desktop memory at competitive prices. The Value Select line is qualified for major current desktop and laptop systems. The VS4GSDSKIT800D2 is a pair of unbuffered, non-ECC, matched 2 x 2GB DDR2 memory modules operating at PC2-6400.
D8044714	The XMS Series TR3X6G1600C9 is a 6144MByte kit of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's high performance heat sink which includes Intel's Extreme Memory Profiles (XMP 1.2). This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of X58 DDR3-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in popular X58 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1600MHz at latencies of 9-9-9-24 at 1.65V VDIMM.
D8044978	Space as much as you need - in the UNC-410F-B chassis you'll find it. A must-have for the entry-level-server business. Robust and secure for you and your hardware through deburred and twice chamfered edges as well as the usage of 1mm SECC steel.Perfectly for fileservers. And that for a more favorable price, you can't avoid.
D8045058	PRODUCT FEATURES:For home and office networksNumber of users and groups not limitedEasy configuration via web browserSupports one 3.5" SATA HDDGigabit Ethernet network1x USB client interface for printers, HDDs, USB-sticksOne touch backupBitTorrent client7 servers in one - Samba server, NFS server, FTP server, DHCP, UPnP-AV, print server, iTunes supportQuiet case - fanlessLow power consumption
D8045279	Marketing description is not available.
D8045280	Marketing description is not available.
D8045281	Marketing description is not available.
D8045283	Marketing description is not available.
D8045284	Marketing description is not available.
D8045286	The MS-Tech LC-85 precious case convinces by its outstanding and compact design. Due to the construction the power supply can be integrated.
D8045379	The TC-100 beats with its brilliant design and silence. With its mountless screwing system it gives you best comfort possible. The dampening system grants you absolute silence.
D8045381	Marketing description is not available.
D8048059	Marketing description is not available.
D8048072	With the power supply technology SilverStone Nightjar SST-ST45NF enables the continuous power output at 450W and possesses a high peak rating at 500W. Constructed with server-level components and downgraded from 600W to 450W, SST-ST45NF fan-less thermal solution can easily satisfy the enthusiasts who require stable output and non-noise requirement. Its server-level components ensure the stable and continuous output and 0 dBA acoustics feature enable no noise result while operating, moreover its single PCI-E 8pin and dual PCI-E 6pin can support high-end VGA card with efficiency greater than 80%. SST-ST45NF extruded aluminum construction not only helps the cooling performance but also create an aesthetic innovation which can be seen as a breakthrough of appearance design and can be seen as the best choice for people who require no noise and stable continuous performance.
D8049845	The LG X110 series is the ultimate mobile companion. With a LED backlit screen, built-in wireless connectivity, and light weight, the LG X110 series is always ready to go, and ready to play. Powered by the ultra low voltage Intel Atom processor, the LG X110 series provides excellent power efficiency, while also allowing you to perform your essential tasks like web surfing and email without delay.
D8053325	Currently the smallest form factor of memory card available, the Micro SDHC memory cards are designed specially for mobile phones, this tiny memory card consumes very little power, therefore preserving the battery life of your mobile phone. It can also be used in GPS devices, MP3 players, digital cameras and PDA's.The list of compatible devices grows daily and Verbatim Micro SD memory cards are compatible with all devices that have an SDHC slot when used with the SD adaptor.All cards contain the latest copyright management technology to ensure legal transfer of digital assets (pictures, movies, music etc...) over computer networks for personal use.SD High Capacity (SDHC) is the SD memory card based on the SDA 2.0 specification and larger than 2GB capacity. Benefits include, larger capacity and higher data transfer speed. The speed class specification classifies performance by Class number and offers the method to calculate its performance.
D8054639	With MSI exclusive Turbo Drive Engine technology, while the GT735 series is in AC mode, just by touching on the turbo button above the keyboard, you can simultaneously increase the speed of your CPU, also the computer will run smoother and to the best of its abilities.The GT735 series selects the ECO Engine; the outstanding and unique power saving function by MSI notebook, the power management function is aimed to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks. Touch the ECO quick launch touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, dealing with office documentation tasks, or looking forward to minimizing the battery power consumption.The GT735 series has applied the aerodynamic touch sensor design, using a simple mirror plate as base and linings to accentuate the slickness of the faceplate. There are no added accessories, and under the icy colors evolve a sense of elegance and professionalism. It creates a sharp contrast to the red outer body, adding even more individualism to the GT735 series.
D8055139	The AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core Black Edition processor features dual-core and performance tuning potential. Whether you're building a new machine or upgrading an existing system, the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core Black Edition processor delivers heart-pounding performance at a down-and-dirty price.Customize your gear with graphics as revved up as the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core Black Edition processor. Get free downloads of special graphics, including chassis cling, stickers, tattoos, and more.The AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core Black Edition processor features AMD64 technology for blistering performance that immerses you in the game.
D8057715	Get brilliant sound for your iPod from up to 100 feet away with the Octiv AIR wireless home system. Put your music where you want it, on a wall, a table, anywhere at all, and control it using the Octiv AIR remote. This advanced remote can even learn to control your CD player or other sound source. Two responsive, 4-inch woofers and 1-inch silk dome tweeters, along with a room-filling 80 watts of digital power, drive the Octiv AIR's clear, powerful sound. You can completely “unwire” your music by adding up to seven optional speakers throughout your home. And it even includes a built-in FM tuner.
D8058293	This adapter expands the PC system with additional two IDE/ATA interface ports for up to four IDE/ATA devices.
D8066190	Marketing description is not available.
D8066280	The Club 3D HD 2400 offers extreme powerfull HD video acceleration, powered by the integrated ATI Universal Video Decoder(UVD) processor. It handles the entire video process, offloading from both system processor and graphics processor. An excellent solution for the video enthusiast looking for best video performance and lowest pricing.
D8066376	Based on the Intel P45 chipset, GA-EP45-DS3LR delivers a record setting 1600MHz Front Side Bus for the latest Intel Core 2 multi-core processors, including 45nm CPUs and supporting dual channel DDR2 up to 1333+MHz. GA-EP45-DS3LR features PCI Express 2.0 x16 interfaces, delivering double the PCI Express bandwidth of 5 Gbit/s for the ultimate in extreme gaming performance. GA-EP45-DS3LR delivers several advanced GIGABYTE innovations including the DES Advanced, ultra durable design which provide optimized power savings, ultra cooling and ultra durability.
D8066647	Marketing description is not available.
D8072026	Cooler Master Elite 330 features superior thermal solution and easy installation. Black meshed front panel forms the succinct appearance. Just as its name - Elite 330, it is presented to those who would like to start holding high-quality products. Undoubtedly, it would be a pity for you to miss it.
D8072814	PRODUCT FEATURES:Powerful overspeed supportLow noise and vibration control system for high speedOptimized algorithm for fastest speed
D8074826	DDR3 modules are specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. DDR3 memory offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption than DDR2. HyperX DDR3 modules are available in single, dual and triple-channel memory kits.
D8075386	PRODUCT FEATURES:Compatible with all FSB1600/1333/1066/800/533MHz CPUsSupports Dual channel DDR2 800/667/533, 2 x DIMM slots, maximum capacity up to 8GBIntel Graphics Media Accelerator 3100, DirectX 9.0, maximum shared memory 384MB1 x PCI Express x16 slotPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/s4 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectorsSupports ASRock Instant BootSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy Saver, Extra ESD protection
D8075387	The ASRock G41M-LE motherboard is a reliable motherboard produced under ASRock's consistently stringent quality control. It delivers excellent performance with robust design conforming to ASRock's commitment to quality and endurance.
D8075388	PRODUCT FEATURES:FSB 1000 MHz (2.0 GT/s)Supports Dual channel DDR2 1066 with AM2+ CPU and DDR2 800/667/533 with AM2 CPU, 2 DIMM slots, maximum capacity up to 8GBASRock AM2 boost: ASRock Patented technology to boost memory performance up to 12.5%Integrated NVIDIA GeForce7 series (NV44) DX9.0 VGA, pixel shader 3.0, maximum shared memory 256MB1 x PCI express x 16 slotDual VGA output: support DVI-D and D-Sub ports by independent display controllersSupports HDCP function with DVI-D port, to enjoy better quality with high definition HDCP Encryption contentsSupports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD) / HD-DVD playbackNVIDIA PureVideo ready4 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s, support RAID (RAID 0, RAID 1, RAID 0+1, RAID 5 and JBOD), NCQ, AHCI and "hot plug" functionsGigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sChipset embedded HDMI audioSupports INSTANT BOOTSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy Saver, Extra ESD ProtectionI/O Panel: 1 x VGA/D-Sub Port, 1 x VGA/DVI-D Port, 1 x RJ-45 LAN Port with LED, 4 x Ready-to-use USB 2.0 ports
D8075389	1 x PCI Express x16 slot4 x SATA II 3.0 Gbps, support RAID, NCQ and "Hot Plug" functionsGigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports ASRock Instant BootSupports ASRock OC TunerASRock HD 6CH I/O: 6 ready-to-use USB ports
D8075391	ASRock 4Core1600-GLAN/M motherboard delivers excellent performance with robust design conforming to ASRock's commitment to quality and endurance.
D8079863	With the NOXON iRadio Cube, the entire world of today's radio comes to your door. Simply by pressing a button, you can listen to over 11,000 Internet stations from around the globe. Forget bland mass-market radio; the variety is simply endless. Whether it is your favorite station from your old hometown, exclusive Internet offerings of an in-demand station from another continent or commercial-free online radio from fans to fans - there is guaranteed to be something for everyone. With such an extensive choice, a clearly arranged sorting system according to country and genre helps. Once you have found some personal favorites, they can be stored on program keys and easily retrieved later. The best part is that the computer can stay completely shut off. So that you do not need a stack of devices in your house apartment, the NOXON iRadio Cube can, of course, also receive regular FM radio.However, there is even more out there to listen to, such as podcasts, pre-recorded features about an extremely wide variety of topics from the worlds of entertainment, politics and culture. Other offerings include radio programs and dramas available for listening at any time. The clearly arranged directory helps here too. Never again will you miss the most recent episode of your favorite comedy, the latest news bulletin from global finance capitals or any of the over 4,000 other offerings from around the world. Give it a try, there's so much to discover!You want to listen to music from your hard drive? No problem. The NOXON iRadio Cube is a versatile network player and brings the music stored on your PC or Mac everywhere in your home, very easily and without the need for any cables. Of course, in this case - but only in this case - the computer must be on. On the NOXON iRadio Cube, simply choose the desired title from your music library. For technology fans: This naturally also applies for a Network Attached Storage (NAS).Regardless of what you are listening to, there is a 2.1 loudspeaker system integrated into the high-quality, piano lacquer finish casing that provides great sound for your listening pleasure. And when the party really gets going at home, connect up the loudspeakers or even go all out with a Hi-Fi system using a line-out port. Security and compatibility are always top priority. All current music formats, WLAN standards and encryption formats are supported. To keep pace with future developments in technology, the automatic updates of the device always keep you on the cutting edge!
D8080255	The advent of Blu-ray technology has led to the introduction of high capacity storage discs to meet the demand cause by the rapid growth of high definition television (HDTV).Blu-ray discs get their name from blue laser technology. The shorter wavelength of the laser is the reason it is blue in color. The blue laser has a wavelength of 405nm compared with the wavelength of 650nm for DVD which utilizes red laser technology. The benefit of having a blue laser with a shorter wavelength means it is possible to write smaller data pits and therefore vastly increase the amount of data on the disc.Blu-ray discs offer 3 to 5 times the storage capacity of a standard recordable DVD disc, enabling the recording, rewriting and playback of high definition video (HD).
D8080257	The combination of 8.5GB DVD+R DL capacity and LightScribe printable surface make this product unique. Two AZO recording layers on one side provide 8.5GB of storage while the LightScribe printable surface enables direct printing from a LightScribe enabled drive - no printer required.Verbatim Double Layer Discs provide a massive 8.5GB storage capacity. The double layer of recording has been made possible by the creation of a new substrate layer that sits in between each recording layer, which allows the laser beam to record on both layers. Once the first layer has been recorded, the laser re-focused to record on the second layer.
D8080259	The latest Panther Edition of USB storage media from Verbatim comes with free security software and a blue LED. Optimized for maximum performance, the Store 'n' Go Panther drive offers premium read and write speeds.The stylish rubber finished design will fit perfectly with laptops and PC's and the 128bit AES encryption secures confidential data to keep all professional executive users happy. The storage device is encased in a protective, non-slip rubber coating.The high-speed USB 2.0 drive is versatile, yet easy to use, simply plug into any USB port then drag and drop your files and folders.The sleek design has a blue LED light to signal when data is being transferred and also comes with preloaded password protection software.Simply plug into any USB port and drag and drop your folders and files.
D8080785	Marketing description is not available.
D8081337	The modern-styled TA-D1 comprises with high performance cooling for longer component lifespan.
D8081338	The VENTO TA-M11hassis combines maximum thermal performance and user-friendly setup in stylish, elegant outlook.The TA-M11chassis utilizes a well-built yet aesthetically pleasing design that incorporates a user-friendly screw-less design for easy installation; while providing an advanced ventilation system that maximizes thermal efficiency for key components - especially the CPU and graphics cards.
D8081343	You can take performance over the top with AMD Phenom II processors. Second generation AMD Phenom II processors feature a refined architecture, the award-winning innovation of AMD64 technology with direct connect architecture, and 45nm technology for maximum performance headroom.You can get the tune performance with the superior headroom of AMD Phenom II processors. Combined with ATI Radeon HD graphics cards, they deliver extreme visual performance and the ability to control and monitor system functions.Build a total system tuned for performance, beginning with an all-AMD solution including AMD Phenom II processors, AMD chipsets, and ATI Radeon HD graphics with CrossFireX technology for multi-GPU support. Experience the power of gaming beyond high definition.
D8081344	AMD Phenom II is for high definition entertainment, gaming, creativity, and beyond. With AMD Phenom II processors as the foundation, you'll enjoy a new level of responsiveness and visual intensity. AMD puts high definition computing within everyone's reach.Enjoy a superior high definition experience for HD videos on you PC. AMD Phenom II processor is the powerful engine behind your fidelity, high definition video entertainment experience. Only AMD puts the Ultimate Visual Experience for HD video within your reach.AMD Phenom II processors have the power to do it all. Featuring next-generation quad-core design, they crush even the most demanding tasks. So design it, render it, play it, create it, stream it, HD it. With AMD Phenom II processors, if you can imagine it, you can do it.
D8082838	Teac FD-CR8 is a combination of USB2.0 flash memory cards reader/writer and 3.5-inch Floppy Disk Drive (FDD).
D8083082	The LG Super-Multi GH22NS30 internal SATA DVD rewriter features a 22x DVD±R write speed and SecureDisc technology that allows you to protect and share data securely. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH22NS30 can read and write in CD, DVD±R, DVD±RW, and DVD RAM formats.
D8083813	The Corsair TX power supplies are engineered using advanced technology and components typically found with high performance power supplies. With design features such as a dedicated, single +12V rail offer the maximum compatibility with the latest system components. Energy efficient circuitry capable of delivering greater than 80% efficiency ratings across 20%, 50%, and 100% load conditions make the TX family of PSUs ideal for the value/quality conscious enthusiast. With a large 140mm diameter temperature-controlled fan that is ultra quiet, yet still more than sufficient to cool the internals of the system, reliability and stability are no longer worries for the gamer, overclocker or enthusiast and high-end system builder.
D8083818	Mac Pro users demand the highest performance from their systems, especially when working with digital media applications. Corsair's Mac Memory is specifically designed for rock-solid stability in demanding digital media rich environments. Corsair Mac Memory allows users to maximize memory capacity and throughput to increase their systems performance.Mac Memory modules are Fully-Buffered DIMMs, or FB-DIMMs, which are different than the typical memory running in standard PCs. In an FB-DIMM module, the memory controller does not write directly to the memory module, but to a buffer, which then writes to the module. This buffer, the Advanced Memory Buffer (AMB) can also provide built-in error checking and correction.Built to Corsair's legendary quality and reliability standards, Mac Memory FB-DIMM modules are fully tested to ensure maximum compatibility and performance in Apple Mac Pro products. Adding system memory is one of the most effective ways to improve overall performance and Corsair's Mac Memory offers a full line of choices for upgrading your specific Mac Pro platform. FB-DIMMs require two identical modules to be installed at once for proper operation.
D8083819	The TWIN2X4G6400C4PRO is a 4096 MByte matched pair of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 platforms to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 800MHz at the latencies of 4-4-4-12. The TWIN2X4G6400C4PRO comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP); the open standard for performance module SPD's jointly developed by Corsair and NVIDIA. EPP SPD's on Corsair modules allow users to automatically configure EPP enabled motherboards with aggressive memory performance settings, for maximum memory and system performance. As part of Corsair's XMS Pro Series, each module includes the high-efficiency aluminum XMS heatsink, and 24 activity LED's that show the level of memory activity on each bank.
D8083820	The TW2X4096-6400C5PRO is a 4096MByte matched pair of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of dual-channel DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 800MHz at the low latencies of 5-5-5-18. As part of Corsair's XMS Pro Series, each module includes the high-efficiency aluminum XMS heatsink, and 24 activity LED's that show the level of memory activity on each bank.
D8084028	TL-SC3000 from TP-LINK is an ideal choice for home and office monitoring. This self-contained IP camera lets you keep track of your home, kids, workplace, etc, whatever's important to you.Well equipped with all the basic functions such as sensitive Panasonic MOS sensor, granular motion detection, e-mail/FTP alerts, TL-SC3000 distinguishes itself by outstanding features such as 3 GPP support, dual codec, hybrid analog output, etc. which ensure the excellent availability and performance.
D8084030	The TP-LINK ADSL2/2+ Modem with 54M Wireless Router (TD-W8910GB) is a 3-in-1 device that combines the function of a high-speed DSL modem, wireless G access point, and 4-port Ethernet router. It supports the ADSL2/2+ standards to provide higher performance and longer reach from your Internet Service Provider's (ISP) Digital Subscriber Line Access Multiplexer (DSLAM).With the TD-W8910GB, you can create a wireless network to connect 802.11g/802.11b devices as well as a wired network to connect up to four 10/100 Ethernet devices.The TD-W8910GB includes a built-in QoS engine that helps prioritize Internet traffic to enable smooth Internet phone calls (VoIP) and lag-free online gaming. To prevent unauthorized wireless access into your network, the TDW8910GB supports the latest encryption including WEP, WPA, and WPA2. In addition, this device includes Dual Active Firewalls (NAT and Packet Filter)) to help protect your network from potential attacks from across the Internet. The TD-W8910GB also supports TR-069 which automatically updates the firmware and other settings when they become available from your ISP. Whether it is for a home or for a small office user, the ADSL2/2+ Modem with 54M Wireless Router (TD-W8910GB) is the ideal all-in-one broadband and wireless networking solution.
D8084032	TP-LINK Ethernet Powerline Adapter provides another wire-free solution for the soho life. By offering a Plug-and-Play method, you can easily connect to Internet, watch IPTV, play online game, and transfer files over power line. The device transforms your house's existing electrical wiring into a ubiquitous networking infrastructure; it will easily extend your cable/xDSL broadband connection or existing LAN to any other electrical outlet in any room of your house without cabling.The 85Mbps Ethernet Powerline Adapter TL-PA101 provides an easy way to set it up, just simply connect one adapter to your router, plug it into your existing power outlet, and then it could help you to build up the whole house network connection and provide Internet access. The maximum transmission range of the adapter could be up to 200m over your household power supply grid.Besides, with 85Mbps high speed and build-in QoS feature, TL-PA101 enables lag-free entertainment such as online/LAN gaming, audio/video streaming simultaneously, and the application with real-time requirements. The 56-bit DES encryption also protects your network from external attack.
D8084033	TP-LINK Ethernet Powerline Adapter provides another wire-free solution for the SOHO life. By offering a Plug-and-Play method, you can easily connect to Internet, watch IPTV, play online game, and transfer files over power line. The device transforms your house's existing electrical wiring into a ubiquitous networking infrastructure; it will easily extend your cable/xDSL broadband connection or existing LAN to any other electrical outlet in any room of your house without cabling.The 200Mbps Ethernet Powerline Adapter TL-PA201 provides an easy way to set it up, just simply connect one adapter to your router, plug it into your existing power outlet, and then it could help you to build up the whole house network connection. With two adapters plugged in, you could simply press the 'pair' button to building a connection without other configuration. The maximum transmission range of the adapter could be up to 200m over your household power supply grid.Besides, with 200Mbps high speed and build-in QoS feature, TL-PA201 enables lag-free entertainment such as online/LAN gaming, audio/video streaming simultaneously, and the application with real-time requirements. IGMP managed multicast IP transmission also help to optimizes IPTV streaming. What's more, the 128-bit AES encryption also protects your network from external attack.
D8084034	The PoE Injector TL-POE150S fully complies with IEEE 802.3af standard, and can work with all IEEE 802.3af PoE compliant PDs (Powered Devices) or PoE receiver adapters, or other equivalent product, to expand your network to where there are no power line or outlet, where you wish to fix device such as AP, IP camera or IP phone, etc.
D8084035	The TP-LINK TL-PS110P print server allows you to take the computer out of the loop while setting up a printing network. All that is needed is to connect the TL-PS110P to a printer via the parallel port, connect the print server to your LAN, and you will be able to access your printer from any computer on the LAN.
D8084036	The TL-R402M Multifunctional Broadband Router is specially designed for small enterprise, office and SOHO (Small Office/Home Office) to access the Internet. It features strong functions, high performance, and easy configuration router. The TL-R402M provides many management functions, including system, DHCP server, virtual server, DMZ host, firewall, and static routing table.The TL-R402M router provides flexible access control, limiting staff or children to browse selected sites. It connects to the Internet automatically or on demand and disconnects when idle to save on network costs. Quick Setup Wizard is supported and friendly help pages are provided for every step.
D8084037	The TL-R4199G is a new generation of single-WAN broadband router especially designed to meet the demand of high-speed Internet cafes/SMB (Small and Medium Business). It adopts Intel XScale technology with frequency of 533MHz, Multi-CPU distributed processing, to ensure high performance and high availability. Additionally, the 6-layer PCB, the built-in high-redundancy power module and the 19-inch rack-mountable steel case feature a architecture that dramatically stretches the performance of the router by enabling stable connections.The TL-R4199G provides all the normal settings of a broadband router, it features much more advanced functions, such as Bandwidth Control, Port Mirror, Port VLAN, IEEE 802.1x Authentication, UPnP, DDNS, VPN Pass-through, Firewall and System Log; has the function of integrated management of switch and supports VLAN and port mirroring.The TL-R4199G provides IP based bandwidth control and connection session configuration function. The administrator can set the bandwidth and connection session of each internal computer. It supports IP and MAC binding which can efficiently avoids the attack of ARP. Start binding IP with MAC when the network is normally operated, the corresponding relation of the MAC and IP of each internal computer will be restored in the buffering table of router.The TL-R4199G provides a friendly configuration interface for easy use. With multiple functions, high-reliability, and high-security, it widely meets SMB (Small and Medium Business), organ, Internet cafe, broadband community, and school networks changing requirements.
D8084038	The TL-SF1048 Ethernet Switch provides 48 10/100M Auto-Negotiation RJ45 ports. All RJ45 ports support the Auto-MDI/MDIX function. Every port can work as uplink port or common port. TL-SF1048 Ethernet Switch provides a cost-effective, high performance, non-disruptive, smooth evolution into 100M solution. The switch delivers superior performance with improving workgroup, network bandwidth, increasing network node, providing greater flexibility, installation convenience.
D8084039	The TL-SG1008 is a high performance Smart Gigabit switch that provides an ideal solution for workgroup or department Gigabit applications. With 8 10/100/1000Base-T Gigabit Ethernet ports with Auto-MDIX provides full bandwidth. Easy-to-view LED indicators are supported for cable installation and normal operational diagnostics. The switch can be used a desktop or in a rack-mount.
D8084040	The TL-SG1048 is specially designed for Ethernet (10Mbps), Fast Ethernet (100Mbps) and Gigabit Ethernet (1000Mbps) with seamless link. Each port supports up to 2000Mbps throughput in full duplex mode. It is the perfect choice to improve the performance of offices and workgroup networks.
D8084041	The TL-SL1109 Gigabit Switch provides 8 10/100M Auto-Negotiation RJ45 ports and 1 10/100/1000M Auto-Negotiation RJ45 ports, all RJ45 ports support auto-MDI/MDIX function. TL-SL1109 Gigabit Switch provides a cost-effective, high performance, non-disruptive, smooth evolution into 1000M solutions. The Switch delivers superior performance with improving workgroup, network bandwidth, increasing network node, providing the greater flexibility, installation convenience.
D8084042	The TL-SL1117 Gigabit Switch provides 16 10/100M Auto-Negotiation RJ45 ports and 1 10/100/1000M Auto-Negotiation RJ45 ports, all RJ45 ports support auto-MDI/MDIX function. TL-SL1117 Gigabit switch provides a cost-effective, high performance, non-disruptive, smooth evolution into 1000M solutions. The switch delivers superior performance with improving workgroup, network bandwidth, increasing network node, providing the greater flexibility, installation convenience.
D8084043	The TL-SL1226 Gigabit Switch provides 24 10/100M Auto-Negotiation RJ45 ports and 2 10/100/1000M Auto-Negotiation RJ45 ports, all RJ45 ports support Auto-MDI/MDIX function. TL-SL1226 Gigabit Switch provides a cost-effective, high performance, non-disruptive, smooth evolution into 1000M solutions. The Switch delivers superior performance with improving workgroup, network bandwidth, increasing network node, providing the greater flexibility, installation convenience.
D8084072	Marketing description is not available.
D8084073	Marketing description is not available.
D8084075	Marketing description is not available.
D8084150	Marketing description is not available.
D8084151	Marketing description is not available.
D8084152	Marketing description is not available.
D8084170	Marketing description is not available.
D8085619	Marketing description is not available.
D8086252	PRODUCT FEATURES:Powered by Radeon HD 4870 GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10.1 and OpenGL 2.1 supportIntegrated with the first 1GB GDDR5 memory and 256-bit memory interfaceSupports CrossFireX and Avivo HD technologyFeatures DVI-I/HDMI/DisplayPort
D8086763	The Flatron wide format series are the finest monitors that epitomize a wide variety of cutting-edge technologies. High-technique design, best picture quality and ergonomic functionality optimize the user environment. Play movies, play games, play wide, play LG!
D8091770	TuneCast Auto lets you listen to your iPhone or iPod in the car, while it charges. Cut through the static with ClearScan. Avoid the frustration of manually finding a clear FM station. ClearScan technology quickly scans and finds the best FM frequency - all with one push of a button.
D8098701	Marketing description is not available.
D8101265	PRODUCT FEATURES:iPhone 3G/iPod compatibleCLA includes 2 USB ports (1-amp, 500mAh) to charge multiple devices at the same time1-amp USB outlet allows for faster charging on iPhone 3G
D8102790	Marketing description is not available.
D8102870	Lenovo's S Series netbook is finally here. And it's designed to keep pace with your busy lifestyle - possibly even simplify it. At a mere 2.65 lbs and about one inch thin, it's so light and portable. You can take it wherever your day takes you. Plus it's loaded with thoughtful standard features to make your life a little easier. A winning combination of mobile technology and exceptional engineering at a fantastic price. All at your fingertips.
D8103927	Day and night, you're using your computer. That's why there's the Logitech Cordless Optical Trackman. It offers you a premium level of comfort and wireless convenience.
D8103957	Compliant with USB 2.0Complies with USB Storage Class specification Rev. 1.0
D8103964	Allows using all kind of SATA storage devices with an IDE controllerStand alone ultra ATA zu Serial ATA bridge board designConform to Serial ATA 1.0 specification, Revision 2.21.5Gb/s transfer rateSupports all types of SATA storage devicesCompact dimensions for direct connection to ATA hard drives
D8107249	The Wired Desktop 600 combines a spill-resistant keyboard and optical mouse to deliver the features you need and want with Microsoft quality and reliability. Enjoy plug-and-play setup, Quiet Touch keys with quick access to media controls and calculator, and a comfortable ambidextrous mouse.
D8107480	The Extensa 7630 series boasts enhanced productivity, solid connectivity and good expandability. These benefits provide an attractive solution for today's business environment.
D8107482	Weighing only 1.2 kg (2.7lbs), the P3250 projector is an ultra-lightweight powerhouse casting 1500 ANSI Lumens brightness, and boasting native XGA (1024 x 768) resolution and 2000:1 contrast ratio for high-impact projection in presentation venues of different sizes.An HDMI port delivers uncompressed digital signals and multi-channel audio, offering easy connectivity to HD-quality broadcasts.
D8107484	The impressive P5270 combines mobility and superior performance, enabling you to deliver your visions without compromise. The P5270 has the right features for education, training, meeting and small conference rooms.The Acer P5270 projects ultra bright image, visible on a screen up to 12m away.
D8108113	With 120mm quiet but powerful PWM fan, 3-piece 8mm heatpipe and H.D.T. technology, HDT-S1283 is not only outstanding performing but also silent. With Anti-vibration rubber, spoiler design and Push-pin/Clip for Intel and AMD, HDT-S1283 offers friendly, easy to install, reliable and powerful performance for users.An outstanding performance air cooler with heat-pipe direct touch CPU, HDT-S1283 creates most efficient heat conduction and particular spoiler design to cool down components around CPU. With anti-vibration rubber for fan and 3-in-1 application retention module design, HDT-S1283 provides users not only easier and quicker installation, but also lowest noise level.
D8110804	Cinema Pro technology offers consumers the finest movie viewing experience. With a simple touch of the exclusive Cinema Pro button, you may immediately switch to movie mode. The quality on screen will be more detailed, the richness in sound and the bass as well as Dolby sound will be activated, providing the finest sensory of the theaters.Home viewing is never as good as the theater? The EX623 is here to prove that your homes can be as excellent as any elite theaters.The EX623 has selected the ECO engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function by EX623, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks.Press on the ECO touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode. This is to minimize the battery power consumption while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, and dealing with documentation.
D8110895	A technology leader in engineering premium memory solutions, Kingston is proud to offer "HyperX" memory products for gaming enthusiasts. Get faster gaming for better action, and the highest performance that your motherboard or system can support with Kingston HyperX!If Speed is what you need, HyperX memory modules are specially engineered and tested for higher speeds and for system overclocking. Unlike other gamer modules, each of Kingston's memory chips are custom-packaged and tested at their rated speeds. This means that every HyperX memory chip is verified to reliably support the top speed on high-end Advantest memory testers before they are included on premium quality HyperX memory modules.Kingston HyperX memory is designed based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D8111180	PCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportMicrosoft DirectX 10 and Shader Model 4.0 supportOpenGL 2.1 supportHDCP compliantNVIDIA PureVideo HD technologyNVIDIA Quantum technologyHardware decode acceleration
D8112560	Marketing description is not available.
D8112768	The Sapphire HD 4830 shares the award winning graphics architecture used in the existing HD 4800 series and offers the same features, but with an optimized specification and lower price point to deliver the best performance in its price category. With 640 shader engines and clock speeds of 575 MHz (core) and 900MHz (memory), it offers overall performance at a reduced price point.
D8113725	This motherboard brings ASRock instant boot, which is able to boot up system in an amazing speed, it only takes 3 to 4 seconds to boot up to Windows which is 10 times faster than traditional boot up to Windows. ASRock instant boot can also guarantee a clean Windows OS, and consume less power!
D8113764	The mission for SilverStone's Raven team is to design products with styling and features that exceed classic originals in boldness and intention. The RV01's stealth fighter inspired outer shell is styled aggressively but with a small hint of SilverStone's famed reservation by the use of only matte finish. This gives RV01 an unmistakable wow factor and a look that will remain pleasing for years to come. For the interior, a revolutionary layout was utilized to take advantage of a very simple natural phenomenon - heat rise, by rotating the motherboard 90 degree for air to rise up more smoothly over graphics card area. The RV01 has excellent cooling potential with its factory tuning perfectly balanced between performance and quietness.
D8114994	See the whole picture with LG's widescreen LCD monitors. The high resolution and wide aspect ratio deliver a better view.The LCD picture enhancing chip that provides not only astounding color, but also superb contrast and image quality. The Flatron F-Engine adjusts the contrast and brightness independently of each other to produce amazing images.
D8114995	With the Monitor TV Series, LG offers multi-purpose all-in-one display solutions for a variety of PC and Home entertainment use.
D8114996	With the Monitor TV Series, LG offers multi-purpose all-in-one display solutions for a variety of PC and Home entertainment use.Picture this. Your monitor and TV are now one in the same imagines all that value behind one screen without having to leave the comfort your seat. Your viewing pleasure on your own terms. And with its sleek shape line and stylish Ardor Wine color design it also fits nicely in tune with your evolving lifestyle. Go on, set yourself free.
D8115003	Gainward's award winning High-Performance/Wide-Bandwidth hardware design powered by ATI's Radeon HD 4830 GPU integrating high-speed DDR3 memory which offers enhanced, leading-edge performance for the 3D enthusiasts.
D8115206	The ASUS P6T6 WS Revolution is the ideal foundation for a powerful workstation using the Intel X58 chipset, for Small Office usage, SOHOs and mainstream workstation users; with its unparalleled performance. Through ASUS' revolutionary and innovative design, the P6T6 WS Revolution is able to support three true x16 link PCI-E slots for NVIDIA's 2-way & 3-way SLI and ATi CrossFireX technologies to deliver extreme graphical processing performance. Furthermore, it is also equipped with 6 PCI-E Gen2 x16 slots onboard to provide users with high speed I/O and flexible graphic and computing options.
D8117367	AVerMedia DVD EZMaker USB Gold is a superior and ease of use device to digitalize piles of videotapes, and it turns moments recording in diverse analog video signals into a comprehensive DVD or VCD formats without concerning signals lost! Via the high speed USB2.0 interface, you can easily connect your desktop and notebook computer with home video devices, such as DV, V8, VHS, DVD Player and VCD Player, by just one step – "plug and play"! With the bundled software, you also can create personal menus, and edit video clips on a storyboard easily. Meanwhile, you can import your favorite videos, and organize, edit, highlight video clips on a storyboard to create your personal movies.
D8117980	The TL-SL3428 24+4G Gigabit-uplink managed switch fully complies with IEEE 802.3/802.3u/802.3ab/802.3z Ethernet standards. It provides 24 10/100Mbps and 2 10/100/1000Mbps UTP/STP RJ45 ports with auto-MDI/MDIX and 2 SFP independence expansion slots supporting MiniGBIC modules. It also provides powerful management functions, including the system, port, network, spanning tree protocol, IEEE 802.1X protocol, VLAN, Trunk, IGMP Snooping, SNMP protocol, priority and security.The TL-SL3428 switch provides multiple management methods: SNMP, Web and telnet/console. Its standard 19-inch rack-mountable steel case and intelligent management make it is suitable for small, middle and large networks.
D8118379	Excellent energy-saving capability and offers high-computing performanceProvide superior energy-saving function and maintain an ultimate low temperature operationComes with three incredible featuresSaving power under variable loadingPower usage more efficiencyLonger lifespan than electrolytic capacitorsEndurable to operation under higher frequency and temperatureAvoid exploding capacitors to cause mainboards failureWith Multi-phase PWM IC, which lead to better power converting, reducing noise and expand the lifespan and stabilityKey components status hardware monitorMonitor the CPU statusOptimize system status defineAuto speed up with system loading change
D8118699	PRODUCT FEATURES:USB 1.1 compatibleSupports all conventional USB Devices, such as scanner, printer, cameras etcMaximum cable length between send and receive unit 60 mConnection with standard UTP patch cableOnly the send and receive unit are included
D8119241	The Acer P5280 delivers excellent projection performance with enhanced 3500 ANSI Lumens brightness, native XGA (1024 x 768) resolution, and complete multiformat support via Acer SmartFormat technology. You can rely on the P5280 for a variety of usage scenarios such as trainings, classroom learning, meetings and entertainment in a wide range of venue sizes and lighting conditions. Featuring an HDMI port for advanced digital connectivity, Acer ColorBoost technology with a 6-segment color wheel, and useful Acer Empowering technology utilities, the P5280 offers compelling projection to meet any viewing need.
D8172489	V3-M3A3200 provides the experience of high definition multimedia entertainment. It also supports the Hybrid CrossFireX technology which improves gaming performance and multi-monitor productivity.V3-M3A3200 supports AMD Socket AM2+/AM2 multi-core processors up to the latest 140W CPU. It features dual-channel DDR2 1066 memory support and accelerates data transfer rate up to 5200MT/s via HyperTransport 3.0 based system busV3-M3A3200 supports the high definition content Blu-ray disks. The support of DirectX10 which equips 3-D graphics-rendering capabilities in games and high-end 3-D applications. Plus the theater-like HD 8 channel audio, the visual/audio experience is evolved.Excellent connectivityV3-M3A3200 supports multiple display - HDMI, DVI, and D-sub ports which provide rich connecting capability. The E-SATA provides high transmission speed.
D8176586	Designed for efficient business computing with style, the TravelMate 5730 offers intense on-the-road performance via the new Intel Centrino 2 mobile platform with the latest Intel Core 2 Duo processor. The Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint solution guards the notebook against unauthorized access while enhanced Acer Disk Anti-Shock Protection (DASP) keeps the hard drive safe from the rigors of mobile use. The Intel Wireless WiFi Link 5100/5300 Wi-Fi CERTIFIED network connection and Acer Video Conference Manager with the integrated Acer Crystal Eye webcam ensure reliable communication at all times.
D8176587	Based on Acer's ProFile design, the TravelMate 6293 emphasizes professional style, ultra mobility combined with personal productivity in a two spindle design. To meet the needs of the advanced mobile professional user it comes complete with all the latest features on the market today: Compact in dimensions with integrated optical device, lightweight and ultra-portable, it sports a 12.1" white LED backlit LCD panel. The TravelMate 6293 offers desktop PC versatility through the Acer ezDock II, a bottom docking station designed to improve expandability and flexibility.
D8177016	PRODUCT FEATURES:Compact mini sizeData rate up to 54Mbps bandwidthComplies with IEEE 802.11g, IEEE 802.11b standardsSupports WPA data security, TKIP/AES encryption, 64/128-bit WEP encryptionSupports 54/48/36/24/18/12/9/6/11/5.5/2/1Mbps wireless LAN data transfer ratesSupports Ad-Hoc and Infrastructure modesSupports roaming between access points when configured in Infrastructure modeEasy to configure and provides monitoring information
D8177166	This keyboard combines a spill-resistant keyboard with all the features you need - and more - with Microsoft quality and reliability. Enjoy plug-and-play setup and quiet touch keys with quick access to media controls and calculator.
D8178454	The TWIN2X4096-8500C7 is a 2048MByte matched pair of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of DDR2-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in multiple DDR2 platforms to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at the latencies of 7-7-7-20.
D8178691	The TR3X6G1866C9DF is a 6144MByte kit of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs based upon Corsair's ultra performance DOMINATOR family of memory which includes Intel's Extreme Memory Profiles (XMP 1.2). This enables a robust, profile based high performance DDR3 over-clocking solution for Intel X58 platforms targeted for enthusiasts, gamers and overclockers who want to extract maximum performance from their platforms. Built using Corsair’s Dual-path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology coupled with a Corsair Airflow Fan, this part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of X58 DDR3- based motherboards. This memory has been verified to operate at 1866MHz at latencies of 9-9-9-24 at 1.65V VDIMM.
D8178692	The TR3X3G1866C9DF is a 3072MByte kit of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs based upon Corsair's ultra performance DOMINATOR family of memory which includes Intel's Extreme Memory Profiles (XMP 1.2). This enables a robust, profile based high performance DDR3 over-clocking solution for Intel X58 platforms targeted for enthusiasts, gamers and overclockers who want to extract maximum performance from their platforms. Built using Corsair's Dual-path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology coupled with a Corsair Airflow Fan, this part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of X58 DDR3- based motherboards. This memory has been verified to operate at 1866MHz at latencies of 9-9-9-24 at 1.65V VDIMM.
D8179936	7" TFT LCD display480 x 234 pixels resolutionWith browse, rotation, repeat, slideshow and interval setting function for photosSupports file size up to 12 MegapixelAuto play functionSupports firmware updateSupports calendar and clock functions
D8181254	The EX58-UD4P is the high performance X58 series motherboards of Gigabyte, designed from the ground up to unleash the awesome power of Intel's Core i7 processors. Equipped with a host of features including the QPI interface, 3 channel DDR3 support, 3 Way SLI and CrossFireX support, Ultra Durable 3 technology and the industry's most extensive range of overclocking features, the EX58-UD4P is bringing excitement back into the high performance motherboard industry.
D8181530	Marketing description is not available.
D8181533	Marketing description is not available.
D8181681	Fulfilling demand for users that require a motherboard able to achieve extraordinary overclocking capability, ASUS, world-leader in motherboard production, has unveiled the ASUS P6T DELUXE amid high user expectation. This innovative motherboard utilizes Intel's latest platform, and features the exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine concept that encompasses the TurboV and EPU technologies to deliver the twofold benefits of overclocking and power efficiency. TurboV is an advanced overclocking application that enables easy overclocking without the need to exit or reboot the operating system; while the EPU automatically provides users exceptional power efficiency. Equipped with Super Hybrid Engine, users will enjoy the best overclocking environment and address environmental concerns at the same time.
D8182154	80 Plus efficiencyFit4ServerDXX readyEMC and safetySpeedGuardAirGuardSafeGuard
D8182157	80 Plus efficiencyFit4ServerDXX readyEMC and safetySpeedGuardAirGuardSafeGuard
D8182158	80 Plus efficiencyFit4ServerDXX readyEMC and safetySpeedGuardAirGuardSafeGuard
D8183014	PRODUCT FEATURES:MicroATX/flexATX Mini-tower HousingHigh expansion capacity - 4 slots and 5 drive baysBend-in edges ensure safe assembly and installationSmart slide-in back bracket with no screws neededCompact design saves spaceSliding-in/out side covers make assembly easier
D8183211	Get pulled deeper into the gaming experience and HD video than ever before with the Club3D GTX 260. With this GPU, both performance and immersion are absolute. Experience high definition worlds, lifelike characters, and forces of nature so powerful that your palms sweat and your heart races with every frame. Beyond games, watch Blu-ray movies and transcode video up to 7X faster than traditional GPUs.
D8185478	ATA security mode feature setSATA native command queuing featureATA S.M.A.R.T. feature setTuMR/PMR head with FOD technologySerial ATA 1.5Gbps interface supportSilentSeek technologyNoiseGuard technologySilentec technologyLoad/unload head technology
D8185606	ExpressCard/34 form factorSupport device hotswapping and plug and playBus powered - no separate power supply or battery requiredWorks with various types of parallel and RS232 serial devices including modems, PDAs, printers, bar code scanners, digital cameras, and more
D8185607	Multi-I/O PCI card2x DB9 serial ports, UART16C450/5501x DB25 parallel portSerial data transfer rate up to 115.200bpsParallel data transfer rate up to 1.5MbpsSupports Standard Parallel Port (SPP), Enhanced Parallel (EPP) and Enhanced Capability Port (ECP)Compliant with PCI local bus specification, revision 2.3, 32bit busEasy Plug and PlayAutomatically selects IRQ and I/O address
D8186080	80 Plus SilverFit4future CPUFit4future GPUAHD² topologyHeatGuardAirGuardUltraSilentDXX readyEMC and safety
D8188026	The Acer P5370W delivers impressive projection with its 16:10 widescreen aspect ratio, 3000 ANSI Lumens brightness, 2000:1 contrast ratio, and native WXGA (1280 x 800) resolution. With a noise level of only 31 dBA, this powerful but quiet performer presents crisp, clear video whether in the boardroom, classroom, home cinema or a large venue with bright ambient light. Sporting a built-in speaker for enhanced audibility and all-digital audio / video connectivity through an HDMI and a DVI-D port, the P5370W offers wider, better and brighter projection.
D8191897	Laser trackball2.4GHz supportedMouse left and right keysScroll wheelPower saving management"Scissors" key switchWindows MCE remote control
D8191898	Laser trackball2.4GHz supportedMouse left and right keysScroll wheelPower saving management"Scissors" key switchWindows MCE remote control
D8191984	Marketing description is not available.
D8192035	Offering practical functionality for both home users and enterprises. Combining trustworthy performance and essential features, V3-P5G31 with Intel G31 chipset is a high-performance system.
D8192048	The 22" widescreen of VW225N provides a 27% wider viewing area compared with 19" monitors and can also fit two A4 size pages at the same time, meaning ample screen space for different contents. The VW225N helps double your working efficiency.1680 x 1050 high resolution and wide viewing angle make the LCD monitor perfect for viewing high-quality DVD images. 16.7 million display colors deliver rich and colorful images to surprise your eyes.
D8192165	AM3 CPU readySupports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologySupports NVIDIA Hybrid SLI1 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slot6 x SATAII 3.0 Gbps connectors, support RAID, NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functionsGigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports DVI-D and D-sub ports by independent display controllersSupports HDCP function with DVI-D portSupports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD)/HD-DVD playback with DVI-D portNVIDIA PureVideo HD readyChipset embedded HDMI audio1 x USB/Wi-Fi headerSupports ASRock Instant BootSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy Saver, Extra ESD Protection
D8192166	Supports FSB 1600/1333/1066/800MHzSupports Dual Channel DDR2 1200/1066/800/667, 4 x DIMM slots1 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slot6 x SATAII 3.0 Gbps connectors, support NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functionsPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mbps1 x USB/Wi-Fi headerSupports I. O. T. (Intelligent Overclocking Technology)Supports ASRock instant bootSupports smart BIOS, ASRock OC tuner, intelligent energy saver, extra ESD protection
D8193957	Smooth and comfortable to the touch: sleek and glossy finishUSB powered for ultimate portabilitySmall size saves desktop space and increases mobilityPlug and play: ready to go out of the boxShock protection and ramp loading technology to protect your driveSimple solution for backup or increasing computer storage
D8194942	Reduce loading of each power phaseLower temperature of power moduleImprove power efficiencyDurable and longer lifespanBetter overclocking capabilitySpecial designed fan blade shapeSame air flow with higher air pressureSame air pressure with more air flowHigher cooling efficiency, lower noise
D8194945	This video card features the MSI Vivid video technology. MSI Vivid is an easy tool to enhance image quality. It can helps users to get better image quality in viewing digital photos, documents and games.
D8194952	MSI solid capacitor graphic cardMSI VividDOT ExpressOC editionDVI dual-linkPCI-E 2.0HDMI supportHDCP capableBlu-ray HD DVD support
D8194961	The MSI Live Update online is designed to automatically download and update the BIOS and driver when there's a new version online. It helps reduce the risk of getting the wrong file and minimize the trouble of searching the files from MSI website.Live Update 3 is a single utility software that automatically checks BIOS, driver and utility updates and installs for you, which can save your time for searching and lower the risk while updating.
D8195062	The K10 is among the smallest and lightest projectors on the market today, making it the ideal mobile partner for instant projection anywhere. The K10 utilizes revolutionary LED technology that emits brightness of up to 100 ANSI lumens for clear and detailed images up to 60 inches diagonal. What's more, lamp replacement is almost unnecessary as LED life lasts up to 20,000 hours - that means optimum reliability and great savings. Despite its micro size, the K10 delivers mega performance - Acer SmartFormat technology ensures support for both 4:3 displays and widescreens; the 2000:1 contrast ratio presents detailed text and visuals; auto keystone correction, quick signal detection, quick start, Acer Instant Pack and a host of other technologies make the K10 big in features.
D8195064	The Acer P5260i lets you enjoy cable-free projection in various presenting environments, giving way to better collaborative meetings and more convenient multimedia viewing. Using the latest 802.11b/g wireless technology, the P5260i ensures lossless quality and virtually instantaneous projection of high-def video and images from anywhere in the room. A high brightness rating of 2700 ANSI Lumens, native XGA (1024 x 768) resolution, and 2000:1 contrast ratio bring out vibrant colors for a totally absorbing viewing experience in all lighting conditions.
D8196628	Building off of the original Guardian's success, the Guardian 921 features a robust set of features for the budget conscious PC gamer. Designed with a futuristic and sleek curve, the Guardian 921 is the perfect chassis to show off your gaming chassis.
D8196827	Enjoy superb yet budget-friendly projection! The Acer X1160 is perfect for home entertainment, SMB or educational settings. Featuring 2000 ANSI Lumens brightness, 2000:1 contrast ratio, and Acer ColorBoost II and Acer SmartFormat technologies, the Acer X1160 offers the best price-performance value.The Acer X1160 features Acer ePower management, which allows customization of configurations for the optimum power-saving performance, and Acer EcoProjection technology, an environment-friendly solution that reduces standby power consumption by up to 50 percent.
D8196836	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards. Dollar-for-dollar, this GPU packs great performance.
D8197789	16:10 wide screen with 1920 x 1200 resolution supports Full HD 1080p vision. Embedded HDMI simplifies cabling and provides the highest-quality video and audio experience. This monitor features pristine and stunning clarity of HD DVD and Blu-ray Discs. It is great for both video games and HD DVD movies playback.Built-in rotatable 2.0 megapixels webcam is easy to conduct face-to-face live conversations with family, friends or online game partners. It features Smart EV (Exposure Value) Control technology to cleverly compensate for poor lighting conditions. It is Plug-and-play for easy connection and easy use through the USB interface without installing extra drivers.The glossy and slim frame front bezel exudes the most enduring classics of style. It features convenient key controls for functional set-up in the multi-language OSD. Cable manager gets rid of tangling cables and wires. It also features easily detachable base for wall mount.
D8199395	The XMS series TR3X6G1333C9 is a 12288 MByte kit of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair’s high performance heat sink. This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of X58 DDR3-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in popular X58 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed. This memory has been verified to operate at 1333MHz at latencies of 9-9-9-24 at 1.50V VDIMM.
D8200208	The EX58-UD3R is the latest X58 series motherboards of Gigabyte, designed from the ground up to unleash the awesome power of Intel's Core i7 processors. Equipped with a host of features including the QPI interface, 3 channel DDR3 support, CrossFireX support, Ultra Durable 3 (classic) technology and the industry's most extensive range of overclocking features, the EX58-UD3R is bringing excitement back into the high performance motherboard industry.
D8202324	Gaming that shakes you to the coreWith more gaming horsepower than ever before, the GeForce 200 Series GPU's processing cores make games feel like the real thing. Its powerful NVIDIA PhysX technology creates rich, immersive physical effects with stunningly accurate realism. Experience absolute immersion and a 50% pure performance boost than prior generation GPUs with the GeForce 200 Series GPU.The power to take you beyondBeyond the field of play, GeForce 200 Series graphics cards seamlessly shifts tasks from the CPU to the GPU, allowing you to dive into the latest Blu-ray movie, surf the web in 3D, or transcode video to a personal video player up to 7x faster than traditional CPUs. Now you can work and play at full speed.
D8202325	The great advantage of the GeForce 200 series lies in the use of its parallel GPU cores. These sub-GPU cores take care of the 3-dimensional object rendering, physics and lighting effects and all other calculations needed for games, movies and multimedia applications.The GTX285 has one GPU with 240 Shader processors. The GPU itself runs on 648 MHz and has Shader clock of 1476 MHz. Furthermore there is 1024 MB of DDR3 on board with is running through a 512-bit memory bus at a massive speed of 2484 MHz. Also this one supports SLI with up to three graphics cards, which will offer even more performance.
D8202469	The Sapphire HD 4870 TOXIC Edition features the award winning - and Sapphire exclusive -Vapor-X cooler, Sapphire’s implementation of Vapor Chamber Technology (VCT). This advanced cooling solution is used for the core logic and together with three heat pipes and thermally controlled fan venting outside the case provides more efficient and quieter cooling than competing solutions for this generation of high performance graphics. The Sapphire HD 4870 TOXIC edition ships overclocked out of the box for an immediate high performance graphical or gaming experience, and the advanced hybrid cooling solution provides enthusiasts with further scope for performance tuning.
D8202471	With all the latest features, the ATI Radeon HD 4550 graphics cards deliver an incredible visual experience with best in class performance. Enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism and play the latest games with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Add this graphics card to your PC and watch Blu-ray movies and HD content play with incredible visual fidelity, and view digital photos with over 1 billion colors. Do it all with break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8202472	Loaded with the latest features, the ATI Radeon HD 4600 series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units and support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity or take your experience to another level with new multimedia capabilities. Do it all with break-through energy efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8202473	The Sapphire HD 4670 Ultimate Edition has been engineered by Sapphire using heatpipe technology to bring a totally silent solution to this graphics family. With its 320 stream processors and carrying 512MB of GDDR3 memory the Sapphire HD 4670 Ultimate is ideal for HTPC or general purpose computers that are required to run quietly but can also used for gaming. Clock speeds are 750MHz for the core and 873MHz for the memory.
D8205029	Packaged in Acer's thin-light ProFile chassis, the TravelMate 5720 series provides enhanced productivity, great portability, and professional style. This dependable notebook is fitted with an empowering key and three productivity keys for one-touch manageability. Equipped with the cutting-edge Intel Core 2 Duo processor platform, the TravelMate 5720 series integrates wireless communication capabilities and high-quality face-to-face communication anytime, anywhere via the Acer Video Conference solution for maximum efficiency and convenient mobility.
D8205030	With the enhanced Gemstone design and featuring the latest CPU technology and other advances in hardware the Aspire 7730 is a stunning example of a notebook satisfying all the demands of today's multimedia users. The brilliant 17" Acer Crystalbrite screen and 2nd generation Dolby certified sound system make the Aspire 7730 the perfect home entertainment hub.
D8205031	With the enhanced Gemstone design and featuring the latest CPU technology and other advances in hardware the Aspire 7730 is a stunning example of a notebook satisfying all the demands of today's multimedia users. The brilliant 17" Acer Crystalbrite screen and 2nd generation Dolby certified sound system make the Aspire 7730 the perfect home entertainment hub.
D8206347	MSI Live Update onlineDual Core CenterSupports four unbuffered DIMM of 1.8 Volt DDR2 667/800/1066(OC) SDRAMOn-Board IDE /SATAChipset integrated by Realtek ALC888Supports PCI Express LAN 10/100/1000 Fast Ethernet by Realtek 8111DL
D8206348	Key components status hardware monitorMonitor the CPU statusOptimize system status defineAuto speed up with system loading changeSupports Intel Core 2 Quad/Core 2 Duo based processors in LGA775 packageSupports Intel Yorkfield, Wolfdale in the LGA775 packageSupports Intel next generation 45nm multi-core processorsSupports FSB 1333/1066/800 MHzSupport VRD 11.1 standardSupports FSB 800/1066/1333 MHzSupports DirectX10Intel ICH7 chipsetHi-Speed USB (USB2.0) controller, 480Mb/sec, up to 8 ports4 SATAII ports with transfer rate up to 3Gb/sPCI Master v2.3, I/O APICACPI 2.0 compliantSupports two unbuffered DIMM of 1.8 Volt DDR2 667/800/1066 (OC) SDRAM, 8GB Max
D8206360	If full-speed Blu-ray playback and HDMI audio 7.1 capabilities are your thing, then the ATI Radeon HD 4350 is your card. Offering 8GB of memory bandwidth paired with DDR2 memory, this low-profile card fits in almost any case or motherboard designed to have a PCI Express video card in it.
D8206364	Featuring a full TeraFLOP of compute power, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4850 is true power player. The single slot design enables easy three- and four-way CrossFire assembly. Play the most intense games with a graphics card that knows how to conserve energy while delivering optimum performance.
D8206365	With enhanced memory architecture that is able to handle 115GB a second, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4870 is the only graphics card available with blazing fast GDDR5 memory. Featuring nearly one billion transistors and up to 800 stream processors, the high resolutions and fast frame rates that were once the sole domain of dual-card systems are now yours.
D8206366	With enhanced memory architecture that is able to handle 115GB a second, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4870 is the only graphics card available with blazing fast GDDR5 memory. Featuring nearly one billion transistors and up to 800 stream processors, the high resolutions and fast frame rates that were once the sole domain of dual-card systems are now yours.
D8206373	When it comes to beautiful performance, things can get a bit ugly. The XFX Radeon HD 4650 is a little energy saver that can play games at lower resolutions while also offering excellent HD video decoding. Add full HDMI and DisplayPort capabilities and you've got more than a casual gaming experience.
D8206375	With enhanced memory architecture that is able to handle 115GB a second, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4870 is the only graphics card available with blazing fast GDDR5 memory. Featuring nearly one billion transistors and up to 800 stream processors, the high resolutions and fast frame rates that were once the sole domain of dual-card systems are now yours.
D8206376	With enhanced memory architecture that is able to handle 115GB a second, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4870 is the only graphics card available with blazing fast GDDR5 memory. Featuring nearly one billion transistors and up to 800 stream processors, the high resolutions and fast frame rates that were once the sole domain of dual-card systems are now yours.
D8206377	Featuring a full TeraFLOP of compute power, the XFX Radeon HD 4850 is true power player. The single slot design enables easy three- and four-way CrossFire assembly. Play the most intense games with a graphics card that knows how to conserve energy while delivering optimum performance.
D8206385	Everybody wants to be a winner, but if you're serious about your victories, you know the winning equation: excellent equipment + outstanding skills = predictable outcomes. In other words: Winnders back their skills with the best equipment. Which means you're in the market for the XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTX 295 graphics card.
D8207075	You can make the world a better place and lower electric power consumption at your home and office by using the Shuttle KPC K45. This system will not only help the environment but it is also easy on your wallet. The K45 is a green friendly cube which consumes just 1/3 the amount of power a standard system would and save hundreds to thousands of dollars for your home or office. Without a doubt the K45 is the most environmentally friendly and easy to use solution.
D8207288	8 changeable output tips for maximum compatibilityMeets CEC (California Energy Commission)High quality assurancePatented input fuse protectionEnergy Star level IV
D8207289	Providing the power solution for your mobile computing needs!
D8207427	The ProLite E2407HDS is the latest HDCP compliant product from Iiyama to now feature 'the true' 16:9 high definition 1920 x 1080 native resolution. Complimented with a blistering 2msec response rate and 10,000:1 advance contrast ratio the E2407HDS really is, in a class of its own. Its triple input configuration of traditional analog, DVI and the latest HDMI guarantees compatibility to all modern PCs, Games Consoles, etc. Finished in a stylish Piano Black design, the E2407HDS is sure to stand out amongst the crowd!
D8207428	This attractive, slim bezel 22" LCD display features the latest 'triple' input configuration of HDMI, DVI and analog for ensured compatibility. The E2209HDS continues the trend of true 1920 x 1080, 16:9 format panels in desktop displays. Featuring an incredible 2msec response time and 20,000:1 advanced contrast ratio the experience for gamers is enhanced and depth of color in video assured.
D8207429	Iiyama's ProLite Business LCD, the B2409HDS is the latest product to follow the true HD resolution of 1920 x 1080. The Business Line models come with height adjustable and portrait mode base, complimented by a slim bezel design. The incredible 2msec response time and 20,000:1 contrast ratio panel ensures vibrant images and blurs free Video. Triple Input support of analog, DVI and HDMI ensures compatibility with the latest installed graphics cards and embedded Notebook outputs!
D8207437	Superior hardware design576MHz core clock, 999MHz (DDR 1998) memory clockHigh performance 2-slot fan coolingDual DVI (with Dual-link DVI, support up to 2560 x 1600) and HDMI supportProvides HDMI functionality up to 1080p resolutionSupports two monitors simultaneouslyEasy plug-and-play
D8207634	The P3-P5G43 is equipped the latest Intel G43 chipset with the technology of DX10 and HW decode of HD content to boost your PC experience. With its sleek and slim design, P3-P5G43 can be placed vertically or horizontally to accommodate any work and home environments.
D8207635	Offering practical functionality for both home users and enterprises. Combining trustworthy performance and essential features, V2-P5G31 with Intel G31 chipset is a high-performance system.
D8207637	Fulfilling demand for users that require a motherboard able to achieve extraordinary overclocking capability, ASUS, world-leader in motherboard production, has unveiled the ASUS P6T DELUXE amid high user expectation. This innovative motherboard utilizes Intel's latest platform, and features the exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine concept that encompasses the TurboV and EPU technologies to deliver the twofold benefits of overclocking and power efficiency. TurboV is an advanced overclocking application that enables easy overclocking without the need to exit or reboot the operating system; while the EPU automatically provides users exceptional power efficiency. Equipped with Super Hybrid Engine, users will enjoy the best overclocking environment and address environmental concerns at the same time.
D8207638	This motherboard supports AMD AM3 multi-core processors with unique L3 cache and delivers better overclocking capabilities with less power consumption. It features dual-channel DDR2 1066 memory support and accelerates data transfer rate up to 5200MT/s via HyperTransport 3.0 based system bus. This motherboard also supports AMD CPUs in the new 45nm manufacturing process.
D8207639	ASUS, world-leading producer of motherboards, has launched the brand new M4 Series motherboards to fully support the AMD next generation AM3 processors. The Phenom II AM3 processors are able to support up to DDR 3 2000MHz memory speed, so DDR3 technology is finally realized in AMD platform. To unleash the AM3 processors' full potential, ASUS' constant development of the 8-Phase power design has resulted in superb performances - reaching an excellent 91% in power efficiency. With the ASUS TurboV's intuitive overclocking utility, and the easy-to-use ASUS Turbo Key, users can easily overclock and overvoltage the new processors like never before. The ASUS M4 Series thus brings the AM3 CPU performance into full play - providing users with the perfect choice for the AM3 processors usage.
D8207642	Industry-leading 124dB SNRBuilt-in headphone amp drives every available headphone with <0.001% distortionNichicon "fine gold" capacitors offer great dynamic performancePerfectly shielded EMI-free analog output pathCustomize your sound color effortlessly via swappable OPAmp socket
D8207916	With the SLI -Ready Club 3D 9800 GT you can enjoy industry-leading features such as NVIDIA PhysX technology that brings your games to life. The Club 3D 9800GT got the stuff hardcore gamers have been waiting for.
D8208482	The extremely silent SuperRock TG880-U33II is finished with an elegant painting and equips with a silent 120mm ball bearing cooling fan. Plus the full-cutting design meshed blowholes, this unit provide the outstanding thermal solution. With on/off switch, the vertical AC socket avoids the interference with PC case. The approval of 80PLUS makes this unit operate in relatively safe and increases systems' reliability. Moreover, it lowers stress on semiconductor components in the power supply as well.In order to provide the even consistent and stable output in the long-run and prolong the unit life span, SuperRock TG880-U33II configures the capacitor. In fact, with quality high-end components, the load regulation is extremely excellent.Thermal control fans are automatically adjustable by temperature sensor inside of the power supply. Fan speed is up when the system temperature rises. The fan starts to speed up, exhausting the warm air efficiently to keep the unit running coolly. The excellent silent fan avoids the noise successfully and makes you feel like you're in a super quiet environment.
D8208819	Powered by NVIDIA GeForce GTX295 GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10 and OpenGL 2.1 supportIntegrated with the industry's best 1792MB GDDR3 memory and 896-bit memory interfaceSupports NVIDIA SLI and PureVideo HD technologyFeatures dual link DVI-I / D-sub / HDMI / HDCP
D8209340	The LEGRIA HV40 is a high definition moviemaker's camcorder, offering the flexibility to realize your creative vision. Take manual control of different settings using the customizable control dial.The LEGRIA HV40 inherits all the benefits of the Canon HD camera system from its award-winning predecessor, the HV30. The unique combination of a genuine Canon HD video lens, a Full HD CMOS sensor and the DIGIC DV II processor delivers superb HDV1080i (High Definition Video), recorded to tape.
D8209646	The Storm Sniper is a gaming grade ultra mid tower PC chassis.Storm Tactics guarantees unbeatable, secure reliability that is completely tuned to gamers' needs. With a total dedication to Strength, Security and Control, Storm Tactics will keep your most vital gear fortified and well tuned at all times.StormGuard groundbreaking security prevents your high-end gaming gear from being stolen.
D8210422	Keep your workgroup working at peak efficiency. The SAMSUNG ML-2855ND mono laser workgroup printer features fast print speeds of 30ppm. A 400MHz processor and 64MB memory minimize bottlenecks. A 250-sheet cassette, 50-sheet multipurpose tray and optional 250-sheet cassette can give you a total capacity of 550 sheets. A 50000-page monthly duty cycle means durability and reliability. Built-in duplex printing and the TonerSave feature (up to 30% toner savings) give you one of the lowest TCOs in its class. There's also a 2-line LCD screen and compass navigation for intuitive operation.
D8210548	Imagine a sculpture that doubles as a valuable business tool. That’s the Samsung 2333SW 23" widescreen LCD monitor. Its soft curves, rich piano black finish, clear acrylic accent bar and integrated cable housing lend distinctive style and sophistication to your desk. The 16:9 aspect ratio provides more room for multitasking, while the 1920 x 1080 full HD resolution, 5 ms response, exclusive Samsung picture technologies and 20,000:1 dynamic contrast And a custom key gives you one-touch access to the picture optimization function you use most.
D8211271	The Intel Pentium dual-core processor is the newest addition to the Intel Pentium processor family. This dual-core processor delivers great mobile performance, low power enhancements, and multitasking for everyday computing.
D8211545	Marketing description is not available.
D8211600	Ultra quietUltra-low powerSave the EarthUltra smallHigh C/P ratio
D8211603	In order to maximize the performance and provide a stable power supply, MSI X58 Pro is equipped with the 2nd generation true 5-phase DrMOS power design and APS (Active Phase Switching) technology, which is the only OS independent power saver on the market. Recently Tom’s Hardware proved (in its P45 efficiency test) that unlike other solutions, both MSI DrMOS and MSI APS really help to save power.MSI X58 Pro is equipped with three dual-slot PCI Express x16 graphics slots; offering the possibility of multi-graphics operations, such as ATI 3-way CrossFireX and Nvidia 3-way SLI, enhancing the 3D frame rate to a higher level.For efficient cooling, the heatpipe of MSI X58 Pro comes with a split thermal system. This system prevents the chipset to transfer heat to the PWM. Because of its unique power efficiency, MSI DrMOS keeps the PWM cool by itself. This helps the overclocker to achieve higher OC results during benchmarks. Other hardware-based overclocking features on MSI X58 Pro are easy OC switch and easy button. By entering the BIOS, overclockers can also make use of Memory-Z, advanced CPU Specifications and the MSI unique M-Flash, which helps to boot a 2nd BIOS from a USB stick.The MSI X58 Pro comes with an onboard eSATA interface, adopting the concept of plug & play storage. Unlike other eSATA bracket solutions, MSI X58 Pro is designed with onboard eSATA on rear I/O which provides a direct link to an extra storage chip and Intel chipset. So no extra cable or brackets are needed, which results in a better signal and higher transfer speed. Other convenient features on MSI X58 Pro are the M-connectors, FireWire and the easy button for a quick reset of the mainboard.
D8212842	The fastest write speed of 22xSecurDisc/LightScribe Labeling
D8213334	The MKxx55GSX 2.5-inch Hard Disk Drive series offers up to one half-terabyte in capacity with quiet acoustics and enhanced durability, providing a solid storage solution for high-capacity mobile PCs, game consoles, printers and external storage. Advanced servo techniques combined with mechanical design changes minimize noise emanating from the MKxx55GSX drives, making them nearly inaudible during operation.Further design optimizations have boosted the durability of the MKxx55GSX series to provide industry-leading robustness against operating shock.
D8213344	The MK2555GSX 2.5-inch hard disk drive series offers up to one half-terabyte in capacity with quiet acoustics and enhanced durability, providing a solid storage solution for high-capacity mobile PCs, game consoles, printers and external storage. Advanced servo techniques combined with mechanical design changes minimize noise emanating from the MKxx55GSX drives, making them nearly inaudible during operation.Further design optimizations have boosted the durability of the MK2555GSX series to provide industry-leading robustness against operating shock. An optional free-fall sensor (FFS) feature further protects user data against potentially hazardous external shock and vibration events.
D8216378	Kingston's family of convenient, compact and reliable DataTraveler USB Flash drives just got bigger with the addition of the DataTraveler 120. Storing, transferring and carrying files has never been simpler. With high capacity, DataTraveler 120 contains room for high-definition photos, graphics-intensive documents, videos, spreadsheets, presentations, term papers, and music that can be stored and retrieved in a flash.Sleek, practical, and attractively designed, the affordable DataTraveler 120 serves the needs of the budget conscious user as well as those looking for significant storage capacity in a lightweight, compact design. DataTraveler 120 features a retractable USB connector for ease of use and safe housing. DataTraveler 120 is available for co-logo. Backed by 24/7 technology support and legendary Kingston reliability, DataTraveler 120 is a reliable, inexpensive solution for carrying digital files with you wherever your travels may take you.
D8216379	Kingston's family of convenient, compact and reliable DataTraveler USB Flash drives just got bigger with the addition of the DataTraveler 120. Storing, transferring and carrying files has never been simpler. With high capacity, DataTraveler 120 contains room for high-definition photos, graphics-intensive documents, videos, spreadsheets, presentations, term papers, and music that can be stored and retrieved in a flash.Sleek, practical, and attractively designed, the affordable DataTraveler 120 serves the needs of the budget conscious user as well as those looking for significant storage capacity in a lightweight, compact design. DataTraveler 120 features a retractable USB connector for ease of use and safe housing. DataTraveler 120 is available for co-logo. Backed by 24/7 technology support and legendary Kingston reliability, DataTraveler 120 is a reliable, inexpensive solution for carrying digital files with you wherever your travels may take you.
D8216496	The MSI VR602 series not only provides top operation performance, but also provides multimedia functions, MSI VR602 series is ideal for any environment, whether home, office, or school. With MSI exclusive ECO Engine, the outstanding and unique power saving management function, VR602 series could extend the battery running time while performing different tasks. VR602 series applied the exterior with an aerodynamic and elementary design, also concealing all the openings at the connecting edges. There are no unnecessary gadgets for a simplistic and practical styling, elevating the swift and practical feature. Just like a hard-cover book added with the seal of approval, and perfect work of art on display.With 1280 x 800 high-resolution, perfect length and width ratio for the screen, 15.4-inch LCD monitor, VR602 series enables you to open many windows applets at once. Furthermore, the high accuracy board materials to go along with 1280 x 800 high-resolution can perfectly portraying a picture's detail, letting you pleasantly enjoy at all times. Besides, built-in with a 1.3-megapixel webcam and an internal microphone, the VR602 series enables you to engage in real-time sharing and live-video. Additionally, VR602 series has a 4-in-1 card reader, and 4 well distributed USB 2.0 ports, facilitating connection with various types of computer peripherals. VR602 series is the best choice for value and performance, and your best notebook choice.
D8216498	Combing Color Film Print technology with ocean wave patterns in design, VR630 is much more portable than other 16" notebooks in the market. Besides, featuring independent numeric keypad to the right of the keyboard, so users requires no extra learning process on the part of the user. Additionally, VR630 has a multi-DVD burner, 3-in-1 card reader, and 3 well distributed USB 2.0 ports, facilitating connection with various types of computer peripherals. The VR630 is ideal for any environment, whether home, office, or school.
D8216603	Through a video splitter, it is possible to use one video source to display identical image on 2, 4, 8, 16 monitors or even more by cascading. With a video bandwidth of 400MHz and the consequent high video resolution these video splitters are ideal test bench facilities, data centers, help desks, video broadcasting, presentations and educational facilities.
D8216607	ExpressCard/34 form factorData transfer rate up to 230400bpsSupport device hot-swapping and Plug and PlayBus powered - no separate power supply or battery requiredWorks with various types of RS232 serial devices
D8216647	Marketing description is not available.
D8216648	HDMI type A plugMolded housing19-wire cable, double shieldedGold platedHDMI 1.3 compliant
D8216649	This product is designed for digital video/audio transmission up to a maximum data rate of 10.2 Gb/s.
D8216650	Digital connection cable HDMI to DVI for video transmission up to a maximum data rate of 3.7 Gbit/s.
D8216651	Marketing description is not available.
D8218180	The GeForce GTX 285 GPU with CUDA technology not only provides a best-in-class gaming experience, it also delivers Graphics Plus. Experience jaw-dropping PhysX gaming effects. Stereoscopic 3D, and lighting fast video and image processing all accelerated by the GPU.
D8218183	Being the perfect combination of performance and price, GeForce 9800GT GPU allows you to enjoy industry-leading features that brings your games to life. Optimized features like dynamic cloth, live debris and next generation volumetric effects make you feel as if you're right at the center of the action.
D8218184	GeForce 9800GT Super+1GB with the industry lead 1024MB king size memory provides extra memory buffer, allows users to escape from memory capacity bottleneck no matter for gaming or home entertaining. It supports for DirectX 10 graphics Shader Model 4.0 and NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology along with NVIDIA SLI technology not only allow users to enjoy a unsurpassed Blu-ray and HD DVD picture quality, but also enables a ultimate gaming experience.
D8219358	The Deskstar 7K1000.B hard drive provides an exceptional blend of power efficiency and performance making it an ideal solution for power-friendly consumer and commercial PCs. Leveraging seventh-generation power management technology as well as power-saving innovations pioneered on the popular 2.5-inch line of notebook hard drives from Hitachi, this new breed of desktop drive delivers best-in-class power management and thermal emissions, while maintaining high standards of performance.
D8219841	23.6" 16:9 widescreen with 1920 x 1080 resolutions enables borderless, Full HD 1080p full-screen video display. It is embedded HDMI simplifies cabling and provides pristine and stunning clarity multimedia experience together with PC, game consoles, Blu-ray disc players, etc. Built-in hidden stereo speakers enable audio enjoyment together with true-to-life Full HD visual.
D8220001	With all the latest features, the ATI Radeon HD 4550 graphics cards deliver an incredible visual experience with best in class performance. Enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism and play the latest games with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Add this graphics card to your PC and watch Blu-ray movies and HD content play with incredible visual fidelity, and view digital photos with over 1 billion colors. Do it all with break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8220852	The Targus Notepac case offers an elegant design; whilst retaining all its original benefits. The Notepac is specifically designed for notebook computers with screens up to 15/15.4" and related accessories. Its design combines nylon and koskin materials with nickel fittings. Featuring a workstation area with disk pockets, CD sleeves pockets, pen holders, mobile phone and PDA compartments, business card holders and many more additional pockets this case will improve your organization. It features a rear file/document pocket plus an external gusseted pocket that is perfect for accessories and miscellaneous items. Including a rear luggage strap to secure your case to your trolley, enhanced padded shoulder strap and cushioned handle for enhanced comfort, this case is great to get you started.
D8220854	This Backpac appeals to today's mobile professionals with an active lifestyle and a more casual work environment. Combining convenience and comfort with attractive design, it offers efficient storage for your notebook computer and mobile accessories. The removable notebook compartment is fully cushioned and has a security fastener ensuring your notebook stays firmly in place.
D8220860	The TravelMate 7730 series boasts enhanced productivity, solid connectivity, maximum expandability, and strict security. These benefits come via the latest technology which accelerates system performance, plus a superb 17" widescreen display provides a complete and comfortable solution for today's business environment.
D8220861	Designed for efficient business computing with style, the TravelMate 5730 offers intense on-the-road performance via the new Intel Centrino 2 mobile platform with the latest Intel Core 2 Duo processor. The Acer Bio-Protection fingerprint solution guards the notebook against unauthorized access while enhanced Acer Disk Anti-Shock Protection (DASP) keeps the hard drive safe from the rigors of mobile use. The Intel Wireless WiFi Link 5100/5300 Wi-Fi CERTIFIED network connection and Acer Video Conference Manager with the integrated Acer Crystal Eye webcam ensure reliable communication at all times.
D8222506	The be quiet! Straight Power series stands out for its outstanding quality, fine-tuned engineering and energy-saving concept.The Straight Power 650W is a quiet and reliable high-quality power supply for PC systems with high powered graphics cards requiring a high level of power supply stability.
D8223477	Marketing description is not available.
D8223757	The Sapphire PURE CrossFireX 790GX is designed for AMD Phenom II AM2+/ AM3 true quad-core processors and next generation graphics. Performance, scalability, and personalization are coupled with an innovative and efficient design incorporating ATI CrossFireX and Hybrid CrossFire technologies. The Sapphire PURE CrossFireX 790GX is designed for PC enthusiasts, high-performance gamers and professional overclockers. Cut to the chase and open up the system BIOS to mad tweaking for the hardcore overclocker, via real-time control and then using the AMD OverDrive utility. Get the power of multi GPU graphics behind you to experience the ultimate in high definition gaming. Loaded with next generation technologies like PCI Express 2.0 and HyperTransport 3.0 technology, get the ammo you need in gaming, HD editing, and high resolution video to lead the pack, not follow it. Build your dream PC. Start with a Sapphire PURE CrossFireX 790GX motherboard.
D8223998	Marketing description is not available.
D8224222	The X1130 projector extends productivity potential without going over the budget. Whether in the classroom, home or conference room, this projector presents clear text and brilliant graphics. This projector is easy to use, comes in an attractive design, and features the latest technologies for superior usability. Closed captioning displays audio elements in the text format, aiding comprehension for hearing-challenged users. Auto keystone correction automatically fixes vertical distortions caused by elevated projection. With 2300 ANSI lumens brightness, SVGA resolution, and Acer ColorBoost II technology, this projector also helps conserve nature's resources, reducing standby power consumption by as much as 50 percent via the Acer EcoProjection technology.
D8224223	The X1230 projector extends productivity potential without going over the budget. Whether in the classroom, home or conference room, this projector presents clear text and brilliant graphics. This projector is easy to use, come in an attractive design, and feature the latest technologies for superior usability. Closed captioning displays audio elements in text format, aiding comprehension for hearing-challenged users. Auto keystone correction automatically fixes vertical distortions caused by elevated projection. With 2400 ANSI Lumens brightness, XGA resolution, and Acer ColorBoost II technology, this projector offers a highly appreciable mix of great performance and exceptional value. This projector also helps conserve nature's resources, reducing standby power consumption by as much as 50 percent via the Acer EcoProjection technology.
D8224224	Acer X1160 is ideal for those who want to indulge in cinematic entertainment and high-intensity gaming in the comfort of their own home.The Acer X1160 SVGA (800 x 600) digital projector is designed to bring colors to life with its 2400 ANSI Lumens brightness and 2500:1 contrast ratio. Featuring a longer lamp life with up to 4000 hours of use, this value projector utilizes Acer ColorBoost and SmartFormat technologies for rich, vibrant imagery and complete wide format support.The Acer SmartFormat technology features a simple set-up process, which allows for easy continuation between speakers for presentation use, complete widescreen format support that permits instant synchronization of wide-format without resolution adjustment from your notebook, and the Acer top-load lamp design to complete lamp replacement in a few simple steps.
D8224225	Educators and SMB users require clear, crisp projection of highly detailed text and images, and transportability for multi-venue meetings. The Acer X1260 projects vivid hues and true blacks for very impressive presentations - thanks to its native XGA (1024 x 768) resolution, 2000 ANSI Lumens brightness, 2000:1 contrast ratio, and Acer ColorBoost II and SmartFormat technologies.Featuring Acer ePower management, the X1260 allows the user to customize power-saving configurations, while the Acer EcoProjection technology reduces standby power consumption to deliver superb performance while conserving energy and caring for the environment.
D8224410	Super Talent's patented PICO series USB drives are manufactured using chip-on-board (COB) technology.PICO series drives are shock resistant, storing data securely even under adverse conditions. They also support read speeds upwards of 30MB/sec (200X) for lightning fast access to files.
D8224724	Get high-quality color for your workgroup at high speeds. The SAMSUNG CLP-770ND is ready to plug into your network, to produce full-color, professional-looking documents at the rate of 33 ppm. Bottlenecks will be a thing of the past. The CLP-770ND offers one of the lowest TCOs in its class, with features like built-in duplexing, 7,000-page toner yield and a 120,000-page monthly duty cycle, making it a true example of efficiency. The SAMSUNG CLP-770ND, with a paper capacity of up to 1,600 sheets (with optional trays), is a powerful, expandable printer that is a necessity in all fast-paced office environments.
D8224750	The Razer Carcharias is a circumaural gaming audio headset designed for extended hours of gameplay with superior gaming audio, clarity and bass. The Razer Carcharias is a complete and comfortable gaming communications package that gamers can wear for hours on end.
D8225033	With the standard series, users can enjoy all the benefits of LG's advanced LCD screen technology. This not only eliminates glare, image distortion and screen flicker, but also allows clear, convenient and comfortable viewing without causing tiredness.
D8225095	Witness firsthand DirectX 10 gaming and HD features without the prohibitive price tag. The Sapphire ATI Radeon HD 2400 PRO provides next generation hardware that promises immersive high definition gaming for Windows Vista and DirectX 10 with easy CrossFire multi-GPU upgradeability to run the hot titles of today and tomorrow. Delivering a fully loaded HD feature-set including support for ATI Avivo HD, HDMI connect ability, HD Audio and Blu-ray / HD DVD decoding via Universal Video Decoding technology, the Sapphire 2400 PRO exceeds the demands of the performance hungry Media PC. The Sapphire Radeon HD 2400 PRO with its robust hardware offerings such as: the much anticipated ATI Radeon HD 2400 PRO GPU, support for up to 256MB of onboard memory, 64-bit memory interface, silent passive cooling, and PCI Express native support will provide the pixel pounding muscle to drive the feature rich Windows Vista 3D environment and increase productivity. When paired with Sapphire industry leading innovation in hardware, there is little doubt that the Sapphire 2400 PRO will lead the industry in best features and value.
D8225944	When it comes to awesome performance in a compact design, few speaker systems compare to the VS4121. You've got to hear it to believe it. The tweeters sing with crisp, clear highs, while a unique, down-firing midrange driver in each satellite uniformly disperses sound around the room - creating a warmer, more natural ambiance. The long-throw woofer brings out the thumps and bumps that make listening to music, watching movies and playing games truly intense. This versatile and compact system fits anywhere - and sounds great everywhere.
D8226208	With the TravelMate 5530G, it is easier and faster to do more. Powerful Turion X2 mobile processor, a 15.4" wide-aspect display, Acer 802.11b/g and Wi-Fi CERTIFIED network connection multiply productivity on the move.
D8226210	Acer's Extensa 5630 comes with features suited to the progressive professional's daily life. With the graphics and full wireless communication, the Extensa 5630 boosts mobility and efficiency of any professional user looking for perfect match between performance and price.
D8227828	Club 3D GTX 285 Graphics Card based on NVIDIA GT200b Technology. Take your DirectX 10 gaming beyond HD, with the power of Club 3D GTX 285 graphics card. Place yourself in the center of the action and experience true gaming in extreme HD resolutions with complex DirectX 10 environments and cinematic effects at blazing frame rates. The Club 3D GTX 285 with CUDA technology also delivers stunning PhysX gaming effects, stereoscopic 3D and lightning fast video and image processing all accelerated by the GPU.
D8229077	This Samsung 8x tray load external slim DVD writer is USB bus powered. Just simply plug it to the USB port to get power and no need to worry about the AC adaptor. Furthermore, this model supports both 12 cm and 8 cm discs. And the manual disc eject function can let the disc ejected even when the power is off!
D8229629	Marketing description is not available.
D8232261	Powered by NVIDIA 9400 GT GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10.0 and OpenGL 2.1 supportIntegrated with the industry's best 512MB GDDR2 memory and 64-bit memory interfaceSupports PureVideo HD technologyFeatures dual link DVI-I/HDMI/D-SUB/HDCP
D8232262	The GA-MA770-UD3 introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology on AMD platform with featuring 2oz copper PCB and further helps to reduce the system temperature and dramatically enhance the performance. Based on AMD 770 chipset, the GA-MA770-UD3 supports AMD Phenom quad-core processors, integrated DDR2 memory controller, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links and PCI Express 2.0 graphics interface. With the innovative Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver technology, the MA770-UD3 is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8232264	Powered by NVIDIA 9500 GT GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10.0 and OpenGL 2.1 supportIntegrated with the industry's best 1GB GDDR2 memory and 128-bit memory interfaceSupports PureVideo HD technologyFeatures dual-link DVI-I/HDMI/D-SUB/HDCP
D8232278	Powered by NVIDIA 8400 GS GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10.0 and OpenGL 2.0 supportIntegrated with the industry's best 512MB GDDR2 memory and 64-bit memory interfaceSupports PureVideo HD technologyFeatures dual DVI-I/HDTV/HDCP
D8232279	The GA-MA790XT-UD4P introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology on latest AMD socket AM3 platform with featuring 2 oz copper PCB and further helps to reduce the system temperature and dramatically enhance the performance. Based on AMD 790X chipset, the GA-MA790XT-UD4P supports 45nm AMD Phenom II series processors, integrated DDR3 memory controller, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links and dual PCI Express 2.0 graphics interfaces (running at x8 and x8) for ATI CrossFireX support. With the innovative Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver technology, the MA790XT-UD4P is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8232280	The GA-MA790GP-UD4H introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology on AMD platform with featuring 2 oz copper PCB and further helps to reduce the system temperature and dramatically enhance the performance. Based on AMD 790GX chipset, the GA-MA790GP-UD4H supports AMD Phenom quad-core processors, integrated DDR2 memory controller, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links and dual PCI Express 2.0 graphics interfaces (running at x8 and x8) for ATI CrossFireX/ ATI Hybrid CrossFireX support. With the innovative Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver technology, the MA790GP-UD4H is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8238513	The fastest write speed of 22xSecurDisc/LightScribe Labeling
D8238573	ASUS My Cinema-P7131 provides a total solution for home theater entertainments. Whether you want to watch analog TV programs, make scheduled recording, edit and make your own movies, play DVD/VCD, or listen to MP3 music and FM radio, this card can satisfy all your needs. By incorporating the advanced decoder and TV tuner, this card produces high quality audio/video for better performance and enjoyment. Combined with the ASUS remote control kits and useful utilities "ASUS Splendid Technology", the ASUS My Cinema-P7131 instantly turns your PC into a smart multimedia center!
D8240188	Witness firsthand DirectX 10 gaming and HD features without the prohibitive price tag. The Sapphire ATI Radeon HD 2400 PRO provides next generation hardware that promises immersive high definition gaming for Windows Vista and DirectX 10 with easy CrossFire multi-GPU upgradeability to run the hot titles of today and tomorrow. Delivering a fully loaded HD feature-set including support for ATI Avivo HD, HDMI connect ability, HD Audio and Blu-ray / HD DVD decoding via Universal Video Decoding technology, the Sapphire 2400 PRO exceeds the demands of the performance hungry Media PC. The Sapphire Radeon HD 2400 PRO with its robust hardware offerings such as: the much anticipated ATI Radeon HD 2400 PRO GPU, support for up to 256MB of onboard memory, 64-bit memory interface, silent passive cooling, and PCI Express native support will provide the pixel pounding muscle to drive the feature rich Windows Vista 3D environment and increase productivity. When paired with Sapphire industry leading innovation in hardware, there is little doubt that the Sapphire 2400 PRO will lead the industry in best features and value.
D8240232	The STREAM XT corded keyboard from Cherry is stylish, sturdy and makes little noise. Even fluids do not affect the functionality of the keyboard. You can begin working straightaway with no software installation.
D8240242	Supports VESA mount bracket2.0mm aluminum for strong structure and good thermalRubber edge prevents the wires from damage
D8240243	Mini DC to DC board + external AC adapterThe mini DC board is 1/6 of regular DC board size, saves space and reduces the length of wiresRubber edge prevents the wires from damage2.0mm aluminum for strong structure and good thermalDetachable drive cage for easy assembly, supports Mini-ITX MB, 2.5" HDD and slim ODDAn iron shield separates HDD and CPU which can prevent heat transmission between two devices and improve overall thermalSupports VESA mount bracket
D8240515	The Club 3D HD4870 is designed for the best gaming experience possible with the full DirectX10.1 featureset. Unlimited detail and ultra high framerates in todays hottest PC games. Adding life like environment lightings to your games and hiccup-free, ultra smooth gameplay. A must have when looking for extreme Graphics Power for your precious and brute gaming rig.Build for latest game generations that use new technologies such as HDR. This improves the natural look and feel of a game by adding far more color complexity and extreme wide contrast ratio. On top of this excellent features and new techniques are added to improve the overall image quality in your games.
D8240634	Marketing description is not available.
D8240635	Marketing description is not available.
D8242982	Marketing description is not available.
D8242984	Marketing description is not available.
D8242986	Marketing description is not available.
D8242988	This oversee case gives you all you need. It is elegant, and humble. It also has an integrated 400W ATX power supply.
D8242990	Marketing description is not available.
D8242992	Marketing description is not available.
D8243187	AMD Phenom II processors deliver the ultimate visual experience for high definition entertainment, advanced multitasking performance, and power-saving innovations for smaller, cooler machines that are energy efficient. Live your life in HD. AMD Phenom II is for high definition entertainment, gaming, creativity, and beyond. With AMD Phenom II processors as the foundation, you'll enjoy a new level of responsiveness and visual intensity. AMD puts high definition computing within everyone's reach. Do more than Dual Core - take advantage of a third core to get performance that turns your imagination into reality.
D8243188	Live your life in HD. AMD Phenom II is for high definition entertainment, gaming, creativity, and beyond. With AMD Phenom II processors as the foundation, you'll enjoy a level of responsiveness and visual intensity. AMD puts high definition computing within everyone's reach.Superior technologies for HD video. Enjoy a superior high definition experience for HD videos on your PC. AMD Phenom II processor are the powerful engine behind your fidelity, high definition video entertainment experience. Only AMD puts the Ultimate Visual Experience™ for HD video within your reach.Enjoy entertainment beyond your media library. Get HD content online, offline, wherever you want it, however you want it. Your system can handle whatever you dish out - and serve it up on screen in full, high definition glory.Perfect chemistry. Combine AMD Phenom II processors and ATI Radeon HD graphics to really see the difference. Enjoy smooth video, brilliant videos and immersive games. AMD unleashes visual clarity and responsiveness for what you want to do.
D8243189	AMD Phenom II is for high definition entertainment, gaming, creativity, and beyond. With AMD Phenom II processors as the foundation, you'll enjoy a new level of responsiveness and visual intensity. AMD puts high definition computing within everyone's reach.Enjoy a superior high definition experience for HD videos on you PC. AMD Phenom II processor is the powerful engine behind your fidelity, high definition video entertainment experience. Only AMD puts the Ultimate Visual Experience for HD video within your reach.AMD Phenom II processors have the power to do it all. Featuring next-generation quad-core design, they crush even the most demanding tasks. So design it, render it, play it, create it, stream it, HD it. With AMD Phenom II processors, if you can imagine it, you can do it.
D8245444	Digitus housing design20/200 MBit full duplexAutomatic speed and half / full duplex detection / configurationStore and forward architectureAuto MDI / MDI-X functionExternal power supply
D8245445	Digitus housing design20/200 MBit full duplexAutomatic speed and half / full duplex detection / configurationStore and forward architectureAuto MDI / MDI-X functionExternal power supply
D8246034	Marketing description is not available.
D8246414	Affordable, intuitive and fun, the PowerShot A480 uses Canon know-how to let everyone take great 10 megapixels photos. Its compact, lightweight design slips easily into any pocket.
D8246415	Affordable, intuitive and fun, the PowerShot A480 uses Canon know-how to let everyone take great 10 megapixels photos. Its compact, lightweight design slips easily into any pocket.
D8246416	Affordable, intuitive and fun, the PowerShot A480 uses Canon know-how to let everyone take great 10 megapixels photos. Its compact, lightweight design slips easily into any pocket.
D8246417	Affordable, intuitive and fun, the PowerShot A480 uses Canon know-how to let everyone take great 10 megapixels photos. Its compact, lightweight design slips easily into any pocket.
D8249166	Grabby and MAGIX Movies on DVD TerraTec edition are the perfect team for burning VCDs, SVCDs and DVDs with just a few clicks of the mouse. Copy your videos via USB onto your laptop or computer. Needless to say, Grabby also supports all analog video sources such as camcorders and set-top boxes. Use video and slide show editing functions as well as the fully customizable selection menus to burn your valuable movie memories forever to CD and DVD at top quality. Also, it's quick and easy.
D8252370	Marketing description is not available.
D8252371	Marketing description is not available.
D8252373	Marketing description is not available.
D8252494	Marketing description is not available.
D8252495	Inspired by the craftsmanship of Venetian glassblowers, the T240HD is the embodiment of Samsung's design philosophy: natural beauty that defies standardization. Samsung is concerned about how Samsung's monitor performs as well as it looks. The unique crystal-like frame is both transparent and opaque, giving the monitor a handcrafted feel. And the smooth clean lines and variety of colors will make this monitor the centerpiece of any room in your home - no matter how sophisticated it may be.
D8255239	Supports Intel Dynamic Speed technologyASRock DuraCap (2.5 x longer life time), 100% Japan-made high-quality conductive polymer capacitorsSupports Intel Extreme Memory Profile (XMP)4 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slotsSupports ATI CrossFireX, Quad CrossFireXSupports NVIDIA Quad SLI, 3-way SLI and SLISupports NVIDIA tesla personal supercomputer with three tesla and one quadro graphics cardsDual GLAN with teaming function: 2 x PCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mbps6 x SATAII 3.0 Gbps connectors, support RAID, NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functionsSupports 2 x IEEE1394 portsSupports ASRock instant bootSupports smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, intelligent energy saver
D8255271	The GA-EP43-UD3L introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 classic technology featuring a 2 oz copper PCB to help reduce system temperature and dramatically enhance performance. Based on the Intel P43 chipset, GA-EP43-UD3L delivers a record setting 1600MHz Front Side Bus by overclocking for the latest Intel Core 2 multi-core processors, including 45nm CPUs. With supporting dual channel DDR2 up to 1200+ MHz, GA-EP43-UD3L motherboard provides the highest levels of performance and maximum overclocking potential. GA-EP43-UD3L delivers several advanced Gigabyte innovations including the DES Advanced, Ultra Durable 3 classic, DualBIOS design which provides optimized power savings, ultra cooling and ultra safe data protection.
D8257752	The GA-MA790FXT-UD5P introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology on latest AMD socket AM3 platform with featuring 2 oz copper PCB and further helps to reduce the system temperature and dramatically enhance the performance. Based on AMD 790FX chipset, the GA-MA790FXT-UD5P supports the generation of 45nm AMD Phenom II series processors, integrated DDR3 memory controller, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links and dual PCI Express 2.0 graphics interfaces (running at x16 and x16) for ATI CrossFireX support. With the innovative Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver technology, the MA790FXT-UD5P is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8257754	The GA-MA780G-UD3H introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology on AMD platform with featuring 2 oz copper PCB and further helps to reduce the system temperature and dramatically enhance the performance. Based on AMD 780G chipset, GA-MA780G-UD3H is integrated ATI Radeon HD 3200 (DX 10) graphics engine and supports AMD Phenom quad-core processors, DDR2 memory modules, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links, PCI Express 2.0 graphics interface and so on. With the innovative Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver technology, GA-MA780G-UD3H is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8257755	The GA-MA78GM-UD2H introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology on AMD platform with featuring 2 oz copper PCB and further helps to reduce the system temperature and dramatically enhance the performance. Based on AMD 780G chipset, GA-MA78GM-UD2H is integrated ATI Radeon HD 3200 (DX10) graphics engine and supports AMD Phenom quad-core processors, DDR2 memory modules, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links, PCI Express 2.0 graphics interface and so on. With the innovative Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver technology, GA-MA78GM-UD2H is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8257756	The GA-M720-US3 introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology on AMD platform with featuring 2 oz copper PCB and further helps to reduce the system temperature and dramatically enhance the performance. Based on NVIDIA nForce 720D chipset, the GA-M720-US3 supports AMD Phenom quad-core processors, integrated DDR2 memory controller, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links and PCI Express 2.0 graphics interface. With the innovative Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver technology, the GA-M720-US3 is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8257757	GIGABYTE Technology latest S series motherboards for AMD socket AM2 platform feature two innovative features - safe and smart technologies. The S series motherboards GA-M61PME-S2 supports AMD generation AM2 processor with dual channel DDR2 800MHz high frequency memories, providing reliable and user friendly computing and reaching the maximum system performance easily via personalized software settings. GIGABYTE S series motherboards, the champion's choice for AMD socket AM2 platform!
D8258161	Environment friendly product with RoHS complianceSerial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportImproved performance with dual-ARM based firmwareImproved recording stability over temperature with PMRATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantAdvanced dynamic FOD control for best data integrityATA automatic acoustic management featureIntelligent compensation of external disturbanceATA 48-bit address featureSATA native command queuing featureATA device configuration overlay featureDevice initiated SATA power managementNoiseGuardRotational vibration sensorSilentSeek
D8258388	This flagship spearheads Shuttle's squad of high-performance mini-PCs. The SX58H7 comes supplied with two Gigabit network connectors. Concentrated performance in a small space - so even applications from the professional sector as well as brand-new games do not present any problem at all for the XPC Barebone SX58H7.
D8258525	ProLite T1530SR is based on the latest 5 Wire Resistive technology. Price / performance ratio is ideal for the budget conscious user while quality and specification is certainly not compromised. The display inputs include both analog and digital (DVI) with Touchscreen connectivity via either USB or RS-232 which offers greater than typical flexibility. A solid and steady base supports the TouchScreen with an adjustable stand offering full 90 degree angles. Extensive Touch Utilities allow for 4 point calibration and either 9/25 point linerization. An incredibly powerful Touch solution.
D8258736	When it comes to video games, winning comes down to three things: power, speed and brains. Get the first two with the industry's ultimate card, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4870 X2 graphics card. Play with 2.4 teraFLOPS of graphics horsepower, 1600 stream processors and 2 GB of GDDR5 memory, which makes the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4870 x2 impossibly fast and exceptionally powerful.
D8258776	NVIDIA offers the GeForce 6200 GPUs, featuring a revolutionary design that delivers best-in-class performance on today's hottest games and applications. The GeForce 6200 powers the latest effects without compromising performance.
D8258787	The XFX GeForce 8400 GS offers the features of the GeForce 8 series architecture at an incredible value. Being Windows Vista ready, the GeForce 8400 GS run Vista features quickly and seamlessly. Allowing you to play the latest Microsoft DirectX 9 and DirectX 10 games, and enjoy outstanding HD DVD/Blu-ray movie experience.
D8260362	The TL-SL2452WEB Gigabit-Uplink Web Smart Switch fully complies with IEEE 802.3/802.3u/802.3ab/802.3z Ethernet standards. It provides 48 10/100Mbps and 2 10/100/1000Mbps UTP/STP RJ45 ports with auto-MDI/MDIX and 2 SFP independence expansion slots supporting MiniGBIC modules. It also provides Web-based management functions including the system, port network, VLAN, trunk, priority and security etc. Its standard 19-inch rack-mountable steel case and intelligent management makes it is suitable for small, middle and large networks.
D8260649	With the advances of today's high-definition (HD) video recording technology, more and more digital camcorders are designed with convenient flash cards rather than older formats such as mini DVD, or tapes for HD video capture. An improved video compression format such as AVCHD allows digital camcorder owners to get maximum storage capacity from high-capacity memory cards.Kingston Technology offers a line of SDHC Video cards designed to capture full HD, AVCHD, 1080i and 1080p. For easy reference, the label indicates the number of minutes available for video storage on the card. Whether you are taking video to capture memories of a vacation, a wedding, or your son or daughter's soccer game, having ample storage capacity means continuous shooting so you don't miss a single moment.For added reliability and durability, Kingston solid-state SDHC video memory cards are built of nonvolatile memory components and have no moving parts that could wear out or break.
D8260655	Now you can store, carry and transfer files quickly in an affordable, convenient device. The DataTraveler G2 from Kingston helps budget-conscious users break storage barriers, allowing you to easily store and move files in a device no bigger than a pocketknife.As easy as click and drag, the DataTraveler G2 can hold just about any file you can think of - reports pictures, spreadsheets or other important documents. It works with virtually any device with a USB port - even cross-platform from Macintosh to PC and vice versa. The DataTraveler G2 also makes a great promotional item for your organization; it's simple to add your logo to increase brand-recognition.
D8260656	Now you can store, carry and transfer files quickly in an affordable, convenient device. The DataTraveler G2 from Kingston helps budget-conscious users break storage barriers, allowing you to easily store and move files in a device no bigger than a pocketknife.As easy as click and drag, the DataTraveler G2 can hold just about any file you can think of - reports pictures, spreadsheets or other important documents. It works with virtually any device with a USB port - even cross-platform from Macintosh to PC and vice versa. The DataTraveler G2 also makes a great promotional item for your organization; it's simple to add your logo to increase brand-recognition.
D8260658	Now you can store, carry and transfer files quickly in an affordable, convenient device. The DataTraveler G2 from Kingston helps budget-conscious users break storage barriers, allowing you to easily store and move files in a device no bigger than a pocketknife.As easy as click and drag, the DataTraveler G2 can hold just about any file you can think of - reports pictures, spreadsheets or other important documents. It works with virtually any device with a USB port - even cross-platform from Macintosh to PC and vice versa. The DataTraveler G2 also makes a great promotional item for your organization; it's simple to add your logo to increase brand-recognition.
D8260659	Now you can store, carry and transfer files quickly in an affordable, convenient device. The DataTraveler G2 from Kingston helps budget-conscious users break storage barriers, allowing you to easily store and move files in a device no bigger than a pocketknife.As easy as click and drag, the DataTraveler G2 can hold just about any file you can think of - reports pictures, spreadsheets or other important documents. It works with virtually any device with a USB port - even cross-platform from Macintosh to PC and vice versa. The DataTraveler G2 also makes a great promotional item for your organization; it's simple to add your logo to increase brand-recognition.
D8260662	With the advances of today's high-definition (HD) video recording technology, more and more digital camcorders are designed with convenient flash cards rather than older formats such as mini DVD, or tapes for HD video capture. An improved video compression format such as AVCHD allows digital camcorder owners to get maximum storage capacity from high-capacity memory cards.Kingston Technology offers a line of SDHC Video cards designed to capture full HD, AVCHD, 1080i and 1080p. For easy reference, the label indicates the number of minutes available for video storage on the card. Whether you are taking video to capture memories of a vacation, a wedding, or your son or daughter's soccer game, having ample storage capacity means continuous shooting so you don't miss a single moment.For added reliability and durability, Kingston solid-state SDHC video memory cards are built of nonvolatile memory components and have no moving parts that could wear out or break.
D8260858	Element S is entirely different from the chassis Thermaltake made especially for gamers and enthusiasts in the past. It is masterpiece focus on upper level of consumers' satisfaction by satisfy the creative professionals like 3D modeler, music composer, graphic designer, video editor and gamer themselves. The "S" for Element S represents Silence, Sophisticated, Specious, Stream, Speedy and Substantial. With the six core design concepts, every surface, curve, line and crease has a function, expressing its potency and performance. With a seductive flow that incorporates profound detailing and powerful stance, the Element S delivers breathtaking beauty with performance.
D8260859	Element S is entirely different from the chassis Thermaltake made especially for gamers and enthusiasts in the past. It is masterpiece focus on upper level of consumers' satisfaction by satisfy the creative professionals like 3D modeler, music composer, graphic designer, video editor and gamer themselves. The "S" for Element S represents Silence, Sophisticated, Specious, Stream, Speedy and Substantial. With the six core design concepts, every surface, curve, line and crease has a function, expressing its potency and performance. With a seductive flow that incorporates profound detailing and powerful stance, the Element S delivers breathtaking beauty with performance.
D8261177	22" wide active matrix TFT1000:1 contrastWSXGA+ 1680 x 1050 resolution5 ms response timeAnti-glare display surface
D8264638	The VR705 series applied the exterior with an aerodynamic and elementary design, also concealing all the openings at the connecting edges. There are no unnecessary gadgets for a simplistic and practical styling, elevating the swift and practical feature. Just like a hard-cover book added with the seal of approval, a perfect work of art on display. The 17-inch widescreen screen enables you to open many windows applets at once. It's easier to process word documents and browse several Internet windows simultaneously, exempting the burden of minimizing window applets, increasing working efficiency, furthermore VR705 series uses high accuracy board materials, perfectly portraying a picture's detail, letting you pleasantly enjoy at all times.The VR705 series features an excellent and full-sized keyboard that provides additional comfort during extended typing. It effectively maintains the layout of a standard desktop keyboard. All the keys are of adequate size, have crisp action, and are easy to access. Your fingers will know where to land immediately and adjustment to VR705 series should take no time at all. The VR705 series features MSI exclusive ECO engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function of MSI notebook, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks. Touch the ECO quick launch touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, dealing with office documentation tasks, or looking forward to minimizing the battery power consumption.
D8264640	The 15.4 inch widescreen display enables you to open many windows applets at once. It's easier to process word documents and browse several internet windows simultaneously, exempting the burden of minimizing window applets, increasing working efficiency. Furthermore, VX600 uses high accuracy board materials to go along with 1280 x 800 high-resolution, perfectly portraying a picture's detail and letting you pleasantly enjoy at all times.VX600 additionally embedded ATI Mobility Radeon HD3410 graphic card for a more fluid, more detailed and more realistic 3D high-definition viewing experience. There is never a moment of delay to occur. Feel the excitement!The VX600 applied the exterior with an aerodynamic and elementary design, also concealing all the openings at the connecting edges. There are no unnecessary gadgets for a Simplistic and Practical Styling, elevating the swift and practical feature. Just like a hard-cover book added with the seal of approval, a perfect work of art on display.VX600 features an excellent and full-sized keyboard that provides additional comfort during extended typing. It effectively maintains the layout of a standard desktop keyboard. All the keys are of adequate size, have crisp action, and are easy to access. Your fingers will know where to land immediately and adjustment to VX600 should take no time at all.To deliver truly High Performance computing power, VX600 powered by the latest Intel Pentium Dual Core Processor. Additionally VX600 is also equipped with a 4 USB ports, 4-in-one card readers, and a multi-DVD burner. So you can easy to edit or save high-quality photos/video of your family as desktop PC.
D8264641	Cinema Pro technology offers consumers the finest movie viewing experience. With a simple touch of the exclusive Cinema Pro button; you may immediately switch to Movie Mode. The quality on screen will be more detailed, the richness in sound and the bass as well as Dolby sound will be activated, providing the finest sensory of the theaters.Home viewing is never as good as the theater? The EX623 is here to prove that your homes can be as excellent as any elite theaters.The EX623 has selected the ECO Engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function by EX623, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks.Press on the ECO touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode. This is to minimize the battery power consumption while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, and dealing with documentation.
D8264642	With MSI exclusive Turbo Drive Engine technology, while the GT627 series is in AC mode, just by touching the turbo button above the keyboard, you can simultaneously increase the speed of your CPU, also the computer may run smoother and to the best of its abilities. The GT627 series has selected aluminum as the base for the exterior, and adding the metallic threads for design on the cover, giving it an outstanding sense of fashion. The GT627 series is a must-have accessory for the modern stylish games obsessed with speed, a totally new experience in gaming.The GT627 series has applied the aerodynamic touchpad design, using a simple mirror plate as base and linings to accentuate the slickness of the faceplate. All you have to do is to touch gently on the touch sensor to start any applications while operating, just as simple as that. Keeping gamers' playing habits in mind, GT627 series especially adds the colorful W/A/S/D buttons on the keyboard which enable users to find the direction controls easily.MSI exclusive VIVID LCD technology is able to display signals for a better richness in colors. The colors from the monitors of the GT627 series has an intense sense of levels, and you can even detect in the presence of the finest details. Whether you are playing a computer game, editing images, or watching movies, the images are presented as 3-dimensional as it possibly gets. With impeccable video quality, the GT627 series enables the computer generated images to be more lifelike and clear, incredibly suitable for the latest gaming consoles and online games.
D8264643	The GT725 series has applied the aerodynamic touch sensor design, using a simple mirror plate as base and linings to accentuate the slickness of the faceplate. There are no added accessories, and under the icy colors evolve a sense of elegance and professionalism. It creates a sharp contrast to the outer body, adding even more individualism to the GT725 series. All you have to do is to touch gently on the touch sensor to start any applications while operating, just as simple as that. The 17" LCD display provides a grand viewing experience for the ultimate viewing pleasure. With the high resolution and the perfect length and width ration of 16:10 for the screen, in addition also being capable of displaying DVD caliber images for your gaming and viewing pleasures. Enjoy the thrill of feeling like being right there in the midst of the action.The GT725 series has selected the metallic polishing process to accentuate the futuristic styling of the 3D speaker pores, fully displaying the brilliance of movement. Furthermore, the embedded high performance subwoofers design at the bottom of the computer can create shocking low-end effects. The audio experience is as real as it gets, providing a feast of sound like never before! The outer body is surrounded with the ingenious flame design, symbolizing the essence of speed, marking the total presence of the G-series. Furthermore, the GT725 series has selected aluminum as the base for the exterior, and adding the metallic threads for design on the cover, giving it an outstanding sense of fashion. The high quality feel of the body added with the flames as the concept of speed, the GT725 series is a must-have accessory for the modern stylish games obsessed with speed.
D8264644	With MSI exclusive Turbo Drive Engine technology, while the GX400 is in AC mode, just by touching on the turbo button above the keyboard, you can simultaneously increase the speed of your CPU, also the computer may run smoother and to the best of its abilities.The GX400 selects the ECO engine; the outstanding and unique power saving function by MSI notebook, the power management function is aimed to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks. Touch the ECO quick launch touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, dealing with office documentation tasks, or looking forward to minimizing the battery power consumption.14.1" LCD display provides a grand viewing experience for the ultimate viewing pleasure. With the high resolution of 1280 x 800, and the perfect length and width ration of 16:10 for the screen, in addition also being capable of displaying DVD caliber images for your gaming and viewing pleasures. Enjoy the thrill of feeling like being right there in the midst of the action. GX400 is very portable. No limits on movie and music anytime anywhere...
D8265156	The Logitech G35 Surround Sound Headset features game-changing immersion with 7.1 surround sound powered by Dolby technology. Victory never sounded so good.
D8265174	With all the features, the ATI Radeon HD 4350 graphics cards deliver an incredible visual experience with best in class performance. Enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism and play the latest games with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Add this graphics card to your PC and watch Blu-ray movies and HD content play with incredible visual fidelity, and view digital photos with over 1 billion colors. Do it all with break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8265175	With all the features, the ATI Radeon HD 4350 graphics cards deliver an incredible visual experience with best in class performance. Enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism and play the latest games with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Add this graphics card to your PC and watch Blu-ray movies and HD content play with incredible visual fidelity, and view digital photos with over 1 billion colors. Do it all with break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8265177	The Sapphire HD 4830 shares the award winning graphics architecture used in the existing HD 4800 series and offers the same features, but with an optimized specification and lower price point to deliver the best performance in its price category. With 640 shader engines and clock speeds of 575 MHz (core) and 900MHz (memory), it offers overall performance at a reduced price point.
D8265338	With an awesome host of features, the Razer Lycosa is on an unstoppable mission to destroy and dominate.Execute complex combat maneuvers with swift dexterity. Launch your assaults timed to perfection. Annihilate your enemies and reign supreme on the battlefield. You now have the tactical advantage on every terrain, and your enemies’ fates are in your hands.
D8266320	With more gaming horsepower than ever before, the GeForce 200 Series GPU's processing cores make games feel like the real thing. Its powerful NVIDIA PhysX technology creates rich, immersive physical effects with stunningly accurate realism. Experience absolute immersion and a 50% pure performance boost than prior generation GPUs with the GeForce 200 Series GPU.Beyond the field of play, GeForce 200 Series graphics cards seamlessly shifts tasks from the CPU to the GPU, allowing you to dive into the latest Blu-ray movie, surf the web in 3D, or transcode video to a personal video player up to 7x faster than traditional CPUs. Now you can work and play at full speed.
D8266377	MAGMA fan insideSpeedGuardAirGuardEMC ready
D8268218	The AVerTV 6 with Enhanced Video Render (EVR) function to ensures that users are perfectly entertained to watch premium video quality without adding CPU loading on Vista platform. In addition, by supporting up to 1080i high definition TV viewing, the Volar Black HD offers users to watch and record HDTV programs with H.264 and MPEG-2 formats. Now, no more worry about missing any of your favorite TV shows!The AVerTV 6 also offers advanced real-time H.264 recording compression technology up to resolution of 320 x 240 iPod and PSP video format recording. It also saves more than 4X hard disk spaces comparing with MPEG-2 format. Now, you can also enjoy your favorite show on your iPod and PSP device.
D8268382	With support for 45nm AM2/AM2+ Phenom II CPU, and Nvidia Hybrid Sli, the M4N78 Pro utilizes an onboard GeForce 8300 series GPU to give HDMI support. Coupled with ASUS unique features such as EPU and Express Gate, the M4N78 Pro is a great solution for home users.
D8268383	Updated for the new AM3 Phenom II CPUs, the M4N72-E utilizes the 750a chipset from Nvidia and unique features from ASUS such as EPU and TurboV. The M4N72-E also offers support for AMD's 140w CPUs.
D8268434	AM3 CPU supportEPUTurboVTurbo Key5000hrs VRM8+1 phase powerAnti-surge protectionExpress GateHybrid CrossFireXQuad CrossFireX
D8268435	With support for the latest AM3 CPUs, the M3A78T-E offers many unique features from ASUS such as EPU, TurboV and Turbo key technology. With an 8+1 Phase power design, the M3A78T-E is designed to have a long lifespan.
D8268438	P2-P5N9300 offers hardware decode of high definition content, full 1080P. It also supports DirectX10 which equips 3-D graphics-rendering capabilities in games and high-end 3-D applications. Plus the theater-like HD 8 channel audio, a experience of home entertainment is evolved.The small size, 8.9L, contains all the possibilities. The leather-touch and high brightness polishing surface treatment combined with a slim and elegant design fits all surroundings.The CUDA technology accelerates applications by millions of CUDA-capable GPUs. And the PhysX makes the real motion come true in the gaming. It is a big jump in the gaming worldP2-P5N9300 enriches your life by providing rich features for multimedia applications. It includes D-sub, HDMI, S/PDIF out, 8-channel HD audio, CF, MS, MS Pro, SD, MMC card readers, 1393, ESATA and etc. It provides users a convenient platform to connect peripherals in daily life.The highly integration of mechanism and MB design creates the best placement and air flow. Besides that, ASUS unique Q-Fan technology can detect the CPU lording and temperature automatically. By these two ways, P2-P5N9300 provides the best thermal & acoustic solution and quiet working environment.
D8268439	A fresh of design with the most powerful graphics performance is evolved to offer a experience of HD video. The CUDA and PhysX technologies also offer the most transcoding speed and real motion in the gaming world. P4-P5N9300 also supports the Hybrid SLI technology to maximize the graphics performance.
D8268445	Experience superlative gaming performance with ASUS ENGTX260!
D8268446	NVIDIA GeForce 9400GTPCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportMicrosoft DirectX 10 and Shader Model 4.0 supportOpenGL 2.1supportHDCP compliantNVIDIA PureVideo HD technologyNVIDIA Quantum technologyHardware decode acceleration
D8268897	Powerful media chip sigma designsSupports LAN 10/100 Mbps, RJ-45Supports all current formatsSupports 3.5" SATA HDDs
D8270221	Marketing description is not available.
D8270225	Marketing description is not available.
D8270600	This compact, high-speed, desktop mono digital copier features double-sided copy, print and scan functionality to enhance productivity in small busy offices. It's easy to use and energy efficient.Perfect for busy personal and small office use, this compact personal digital copier fulfils all your copying needs fast and efficiently. Easy to operate and reliable, it delivers high quality laser output at a rapid 22 copies per minute.There's no wasting time with the PC-D450. A first copy out time of 9 seconds or less, with zero warm-up time due to on-demand fixing, delivers your copies and prints the moment you need them. Economical and extremely energy efficient, the copier consumes only 3 watts in sleep mode. It is also Energy Star certified with one of the best TEC (Typical Electricity Consumption) ratings in its class.
D8270824	Verbatim's MediaStation has LAN access to the user's multimedia files from a PC on their home network. Features include easy to use folder navigation, password protection on files and enables the user to create their own personal playlists of multimedia files. MediaStation has Digital Audio 5.1 enabling a connection to home theater devices that support Dolby Digital and DTS surround sound and is fitted with the latest technology in internal SATA HDD. It is also possible to upscale standard resolution content to high definition 1080i component output.
D8270825	Store and play multimedia files of all types including music, video and photos on your TV or home theater.Stream Internet radio via shoutcast or icecast, and/or multimedia content from your PC directly through your home wireless network.
D8271228	GA-EQ45M-S2 supports Intel latest high performance CPU delivers the most energy-efficient performance available today. Based on Intel's micro architecture, the Intel multi-core processors with 4 cores and two shared L2 caches provide the best capability-per-watt solutions and are an ideal choice for multi-media enthusiasts and intensive multi-tasking environments. This cutting-edge processor offers significant performance boosts and provides an overall more energy efficient platform.Gigabyte Dynamic Energy Saver Advanced provides better energy saving capabilities and enhanced system performance. Gigabyte Dynamic Energy Saver Advanced is the world's only motherboard energy saving technology with hardware-based dynamic 4-gear switching on GA-EQ45M-S2. With support for VRD 11.1, Gigabyte's DES Advanced allows the motherboard to switch to 2-gear phase switching during idle, allowing for a dramatic increase in power savings Gigabyte has also retooled Dynamic Energy Saver to allow overclockers to experience the benefits of multi-gear power phase switching while overclocking, providing ultra stable, ultra smooth overclocking performance.Based on the Intel Q45 Express chipset, GA-EQ45M-S2 supports the latest multi-core and next generation 45nm processors. Featuring Intel vPro technology, Intel Graphics Media Accelerator 4500, Intel matrix Storage technology, and Intel Fast Memory Access, GA-EQ45M-S2 creates a powerful business platform with hardware-based security, enhanced maintenance and manageability more Intel vPro info.
D8271436	microSDHC cards offer higher storage for more music, more videos, more pictures, more games - more of everything you need in today's mobile world. The microSDHC card allows you to maximize today's revolutionary mobile devices. Kingston's microSDHC cards use the new speed "class" rating of Class 4 that guarantee a minimum data transfer rate of 4MB/sec. for optimum performance with devices that use microSDHC.Identical in physical size to today's standard microSD card, the microSDHC cards are designed to comply with SD Specification Version 2.00 and are only recognized by microSDHC host devices. They can be used as full-size SDHC cards when used with the included adapter.Wherever you find yourself in the mobile world, you can trust and rely on Kingston's microSDHC cards.
D8273211	The STREAM XT corded keyboard from Cherry is stylish, sturdy and makes little noise. Even fluids do not affect the functionality of the keyboard. You can begin working straightaway with no software installation.
D8273945	Marketing description is not available.
D8273947	GeForce 9600GT is going to turn your PC into an immersive, value-packed entertainment system! Featuring the revolutionary PureVideo HD technology engine, the GeForce 9600GT GPU delivers astounding Blu-ray and HD DVD movie picture quality with reduced CPU utilization and power consumption.
D8274405	DDR3 modules are specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. DDR3 memory offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption than DDR2. HyperX DDR3 modules are available in single, dual and triple-channel memory kits.
D8274406	DDR3 modules are specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. DDR3 memory offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption than DDR2. HyperX DDR3 modules are available in single, dual and triple-channel memory kits.
D8276696	Intel Atom single-core 230 processor mounted onboardDDR2 533 MHz x 1 DIMM, Max. 2GB1 PCI2 SATA II5.1 channel HDA, Realtek ALC66210/100M LAN, Realtek RTL8100C6 USB 2.0 ports
D8276706	Supports Intel Atom dual-core 330 processor mounted onboardSupports 533 MHz (FSB)Supports 1 PCISupports 2 SATA IISupports 5.1 channel HDA, Realtek ALC662Supports 10/100M LAN, Realtek RTL8100CSupports 6 USB 2.0 ports
D8276941	Supports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologyAMD 780G + SB710/SB700 chipsetsAM3 CPU readyFSB 2600 MHz (5.2 GT/s)Supports ATI Hybrid CrossFireX1x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slot6x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support RAID (RAID 0, RAID 1, RAID 10 and JBOD), NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functionsPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sDual VGA outputSupports HDCP function with DVI-D portSupports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD)/HD-DVD playbackSupports ASRock instant bootSupports smart BIOS, ASRock OC tuner, intelligent energy saver
D8277091	Marketing description is not available.
D8277092	Marketing description is not available.
D8278240	The Deskstar P7K500 hard drive provides an exceptional blend of power efficiency and performance making it an ideal solution for consumer and enterprise power-friendly PCs. Leveraging sixth-generation power management technology as well as power-saving innovations pioneered on Hitachi's popular 2.5-inch line of notebook PC hard drives, this new breed of desktop drive delivers best-in-class power management and thermal emissions to help manufacturers meet energy compliance targets and extend drive life.Featuring a choice of Parallel ATA or Serial SATA interface options to meet the needs of many design configurations, the Deskstar P7K500 is also built using the industry's most reliable perpendicular magnetic recording (PMR) techniques to maximize capacity, performance and field reliability.
D8278739	Marketing description is not available.
D8278740	Marketing description is not available.
D8278741	1x or 2x DB25 parallel port(s)Data transfer rate up to 2.7MbpsSupports Standard Parallel Port (SPP), Bi-directional Parallel Port (BPP), Enhanced Parallel (EPP) and Enhanced Capability Port (ECP)Compatible with IEEE1284 standardUniversal PCI interface 3.3V and 5V, 32/64bitPlug-and-PlayRe-map to ISA address 278, 378
D8278742	Marketing description is not available.
D8278746	Controls two PCs with one keyboard, mouse and monitorUniversal use with USB and PS/2 devicesIntegrated 3-port USB 2.0 hubEasy installation - no additional software neededPC selection by push-button, hot-key or OSD-utilityExcellent video quality - up to 1920 x 1440 pixelsSupports DDC, DDC2Hot Plug and PlayEmulates a keyboard on each PC to allow your computers to boot normally without a keyboard error
D8279473	SATA native command queuingSupports staggered spin upHot-plug capabilityDevice-initiated power managementATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantATA automatic acoustic management feature setAsynchronous signal loss notificationPMR technologyFlying-on-Demand technologyNoiseGuard and SilentSeek noise suppression
D8279511	Environment friendly product with RoHS complianceImproved performance with dual-ARM based firmwareImproved recording stability over temperature with PMRATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantAdvanced dynamic FOD control for best data integrityATA automatic acoustic management featureIntelligent compensation of external disturbanceSATA native command queuing featureATA device configuration overlay featureDevice initiated SATA power managementNoiseGuardRotational vibration sensorSilentSeek
D8280998	In and out. The IB-362StUS2-B allows easy changes of the hard drive, 3.5" SATA. Mounting and demounting without screwing. That's what RaidSonic Technology calls EasySwap, an ICY BOX invention. Thanks to Hot Swap that's even possible with devices running. Hot Plug and Play allows prompt recognition of the data.On and off, which means read and write. Very fast with USB 2.0: up to 480 Mbit/s. And very fast with eSATA: up to 3 Gbit/s.
D8281208	Based on the Intel P43 chipset, GA-P43-ES3G delivers a record setting 1600MHz front side bus by overclocking for the latest Intel Core 2 multi-core processors, including 45nm CPUs. GA-P43-ES3G delivers several advanced Gigabyte innovations including Easy Energy Saver, DualBIOS design which provides optimized power savings, ultra cooling and ultra safe data protection.
D8282619	Cooler Master Elite 330 features superior thermal solution and easy installation. Black meshed front panel forms the succinct appearance. Just as its name - Elite 330, it is presented to those who would like to start holding high-quality products. Undoubtedly, it would be a pity for you to miss it.
D8282849	Marketing description is not available.
D8282887	Excellent energy-saving capability and offers high-computing performanceProvide superior energy-saving function and maintain an ultimate low temperature operationAPS is Active Phase Switching, complete function to control power demand with switcing dynamically, it's for CPU, Memory and Chipset PWMSaving power under variable loadingPower usage more efficiencyReal Time FSB tuning - FSB value change in the BIOS instantUnlimited turning segmentsEasy use - just rotate the knobFaster and flexible and instantIf BIOS crash, it still can boot from USB driveEndurable to operation under higher frequency and temperatureA choke is an inductor responsible for storing power and regulates the currentAll shielded choke could reduce core power loss, lower EMI interferenceBest stability and long lifespanEasy to tell the definition of each pinMake MP3 music sound better than CDsTransform to surround sound (speakers/headphone) from stereo audio sourceEAX ADVANCED HD 4.0 provides the fidelity of gaming audio effectFunctions designed with button to be easy use
D8282888	Supports FSB 800/1066/1333/1600 (OC) MHzHi-Speed USB (USB 2.0) controller, 480Mbps, up to 12 ports6 SATA II ports with transfer rate up to 3GbpsACPI 2.0 compliantIntegrated AHCI controllerOne PCI Express x16 slotTwo PCI Express x1 slotsThree 32-bit v2.3 master PCI bus slotsSupport 3.3v/5v PCI bus interface
D8282889	Advanced digital display with dual independent displaySmooth, sharp HD playbackBetter casual gaming experience with DirectX 10 supportKey components status hardware monitorMonitor the CPU statusOptimize system status defineAuto speed up with system loading changeAMD Cool'n'Quiet technology
D8282904	MSI N9400GT series brings more visual effect to you PC more than ever. It gives more vibrant photos, smoother videos and more realistic gaming. By offloading tasks from the CPU, MSI N9400GT series allows you to share, edit and manage your photos and videos easily. Enjoy an improved 3D user experience, astounding video-watching with NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology and lifelike game play at the lowest price point in NVIDIA's GeForce 9 series GPUs. And with a 2X performance increase over the GeForce 8400GS GPU, playing the latest PC games just got a whole lot smoother.MSI N9400GT series all possess the revolutionary PureVideo HD technology engine, this GPU delivers astounding Blu-ray movie picture quality with 100% offload of H.264 video decoding from the CPU and significantly reduces power consumption. This hardware decode acceleration function provides ultra-smooth playback of H.264, VC-1, WMV and MPEG-2 HD and SD movies.MSI N9400GT series also supports the latest NVIDIA PhysX technology which enables a totally new class of physical gaming interaction for a more dynamic and realistic experience. With the power of the N9400GT GPUs' unified architecture and NVIDIA's GPU PhysX technology, you can experience convincing facial animation, multiple ultra-high polygon characters in complex environments, and fully simulated physical effects such as weather and explosions that deliver a truly immersive and dynamic 3D gaming experience. MSI N9400GT series graphics card brings your 3D games to life.
D8283165	The CoolWave i7 utilizes a quality heat-sink with a large copper core and aluminum radial-fin design. The omni-directional heat-sink ensures airflow is directed to all motherboard key components located around CPU. Each aluminum fin splits into two smaller fins at the end creating an even larger heat-dissipation area. Equipped with the Intel approved push pin mounting mechanism this cooler assembles swift and secure. Topped with the patented BlueStar fan provides ample airflow for optimum cooling. The PWM fan function ensures the RPM is automatically regulated by the motherboard according to system usage and temperature. This means under normal operating conditions, the CPU fan speed is relatively low maintaining low noise levels.
D8283167	The universally compatible TherMax II is the big brother of the original TherMax cooler innovation by Spire. Designed with four 8mm copper U shaped heat-pipes enclosed by fifty-five aluminum stacked Micro-fins. The heat-sink base is equipped with the Direct-Touch heat-pipe technology providing the optimal cooling configuration. The TherMax II fits nearly every processor available on the market today. Its cooling capacity ranges all the way from low end Micro-processors, up to today's hottest 150W dual-core processors. This cooler has it all! Equipped with Spire's signature UV-reactant BlueStar fan, this towering cooler is built to last!
D8283385	Find yourself right at the center of the action with this 5.1 surround headset: hear a door closing behind you to your left or listen to the footsteps of your opponent who's in front of you. Plug the Medusa into the 5.1 soundcard on your PC or, using the phono adapter and mains adapter, into your DVD player. The comfortable earcups completely envelop the ears and ensure the headset sits perfectly on the head. Thanks to the flexible headband and padded earcups, the Medusa NX 5.1 Gaming Headset always remains comfortable on the head even after many hours.
D8285453	When you're gearing up for battle, you never compromise. Not on your team, not on your weapons, and certainly not on your hardware. If you take your gameplay seriously, you want the Logitech G19 on your side.
D8285461	Change the grip. Change the weight. Customize the LEDs. Even use onboard memory to take up to five mouse profiles with you to the next LAN party. In every way, the G9 mouse lets you tune for the way you play.
D8287634	Micro sized optical mouseEasy to take with youJust plug-in and start, no software neededIdeal to use with your notebookSuitable for right and left handed users
D8288482	PRODUCT FEATURES:Watching/recording TVListening/recording FM radioListening MP3Video editing and CD burningDesktop and notebook PC compatible
D8288483	Watching/recording analog TVVideo editing and DVD/VCD burning
D8288484	"ASUS My Cinema-PE6100Analog" provides a total solution for home theater entertainments. Whether you want to watch analog TV programs, make scheduled recording, edit and make your own movies, play DVD/VCD, or listen to MP3 music, this card can satisfy all your needs. "ASUS My Cinema-PE6100Analog" is embedded with MPEG2 hardware encoder, your CPU loading can be dramatically reduced. Therefore, you can surf the Internet and watch TV programs in the same time! In addition, with the built-in hardware noise reduction technology and the advanced decoder, this card produces extremely high video quality for better TV experience. "ASUS My Cinema-PE6100Analog" can easily help you turn the PC into a smart multimedia canter!
D8294151	Marketing description is not available.
D8294155	Marketing description is not available.
D8294159	Marketing description is not available.
D8294163	Marketing description is not available.
D8294167	Marketing description is not available.
D8295463	This network ready, compact color laser printer is ideal for small workgroups needing fast, professional color output complete with productive automatic double-sided printing and energy efficiency.
D8295464	With its ingenious 3-way design and 180° lid, the LiDE 700F brings high resolution scanning to work spaces of all sizes. For exceptional detail and enlargements, scan 35mm film at up to 9600dpi.A LiDE scanner with CIS sensor provides a winning combination of incredibly high resolution scans and low energy consumption. Powered by a single USB cable, connected to a computer, the LiDE 700F has no need for an additional power cable, making it truly portable and space saving.Incredibly high resolution scans from 35mm film are possible thanks to a dedicated clip-on film scanning unit. This means massive enlargements and intricately detailed prints can be achieved from your 35mm film negatives/positives.
D8295486	There's nothing more satisfying than taking great pictures! And with the Canon PowerShot A1100 IS it's so effortless. The 12.1-megapixel resolution and 4x optical zoom with Optical Image Stabilizer ensure radiant, detailed images. Plus, you've got an advanced DIGIC 4 Image Processor with evolved Face Detection technology and the Face Detection Self-timer for extraordinary control and performance. Smart Auto lets you handle challenging conditions with ease.
D8295487	There's nothing more satisfying than taking great pictures! And with the Canon PowerShot A1100 IS it's so effortless. The 12.1-megapixel resolution and 4x optical zoom with Optical Image Stabilizer ensure radiant, detailed images. Plus, you've got an advanced DIGIC 4 Image Processor with evolved Face Detection technology and the Face Detection Self-timer for extraordinary control and performance. Smart Auto lets you handle challenging conditions with ease.
D8295488	There's nothing more satisfying than taking great pictures! And with the Canon PowerShot A1100 IS it's so effortless. The 12.1-megapixel resolution and 4x optical zoom with Optical Image Stabilizer ensure radiant, detailed images. Plus, you've got an advanced DIGIC 4 Image Processor with evolved Face Detection technology and the Face Detection Self-timer for extraordinary control and performance. Smart Auto lets you handle challenging conditions with ease.
D8295490	Uncompromising style and great value are fused in the Digital IXUS 95 IS. Ease of use is assured by smart auto mode, which uses scene detection to intelligently optimize settings for better pictures.
D8295491	Uncompromising style and great value are fused in the Digital IXUS 95 IS. Ease of use is assured by smart auto mode, which uses scene detection to intelligently optimize settings for better pictures.
D8295495	Put more in the frame with the 12.1 MP Digital IXUS 110 IS. Combining a wide-angle lens and widescreen 16:9 LCD, it offers a stylish way to shoot beautiful, expansive still images and HD video. The distinctive Digital IXUS 110 IS features a curved, elegant design - finished in a choice of gold, silver, pink or blue. A resolution of 12.1 MP captures every scene in rich amounts of detail. Turn images into poster-size prints, or creatively crop images without losing the detail necessary for larger prints.For better viewing of widescreen movies and wide still images, the Digital IXUS 110 IS features a 2.8" PureColor LCD II with 16:9 aspect ratio. Optional on-screen Hints & Tips let you make the most of every feature. Active Display gives you a compelling, motion-activated way to review pictures. Smart Auto mode uses intelligent Scene Detection Technology to determine subject brightness, contrast, distance and overall hue. The camera then searches an incredible 18 possible modes, and selects the one which offers the perfect settings for the scene. Canon's DIGIC 4 processor drives exceptional processing speeds, responsive operation, superb image quality and color reproduction. Richly detailed, cleaner images, even at high ISO speeds, are the result of advanced Noise Reduction. DIGIC 4 also powers Canon's i-Contrast feature, for improved contrast and greater detail in tricky lighting conditions.The Digital IXUS 110 IS combats blur with Motion Detection Technology. Activated in Smart Auto mode, this uses a range of technologies to ascertain movement of both camera and subject. The optimum ISO is then automatically set for any situation. A suite of Face Detection technologies detects faces in a shot and adjusts focus, exposure, flash settings and white balance - for optimal results with natural-looking skin tones. Blink Detection lets you avoid the disappointment of mistimed people shots. FaceSelf-Timer makes group photos and self-portraits easy, taking the shot when an extra face is detected in the frame. Create cinematic, widescreen (16:9) movies in high definition, then use HDMI connectivity for playback on HD widescreen TVs.
D8295496	Put more in the frame with the 12.1 MP Digital IXUS 110 IS. Combining a wide-angle lens and widescreen 16:9 LCD, it offers a stylish way to shoot beautiful, expansive still images and HD video. The distinctive Digital IXUS 110 IS features a curved, elegant design - finished in a choice of gold, silver, pink or blue. A resolution of 12.1 MP captures every scene in rich amounts of detail. Turn images into poster-size prints, or creatively crop images without losing the detail necessary for larger prints.For better viewing of widescreen movies and wide still images, the Digital IXUS 110 IS features a 2.8" PureColor LCD II with 16:9 aspect ratio. Optional on-screen Hints & Tips let you make the most of every feature. Active Display gives you a compelling, motion-activated way to review pictures. Smart Auto mode uses intelligent Scene Detection Technology to determine subject brightness, contrast, distance and overall hue. The camera then searches an incredible 18 possible modes, and selects the one which offers the perfect settings for the scene. Canon's DIGIC 4 processor drives exceptional processing speeds, responsive operation, superb image quality and color reproduction. Richly detailed, cleaner images, even at high ISO speeds, are the result of advanced Noise Reduction. DIGIC 4 also powers Canon's i-Contrast feature, for improved contrast and greater detail in tricky lighting conditions.The Digital IXUS 110 IS combats blur with Motion Detection Technology. Activated in Smart Auto mode, this uses a range of technologies to ascertain movement of both camera and subject. The optimum ISO is then automatically set for any situation. A suite of Face Detection technologies detects faces in a shot and adjusts focus, exposure, flash settings and white balance - for optimal results with natural-looking skin tones. Blink Detection lets you avoid the disappointment of mistimed people shots. FaceSelf-Timer makes group photos and self-portraits easy, taking the shot when an extra face is detected in the frame. Create cinematic, widescreen (16:9) movies in high definition, then use HDMI connectivity for playback on HD widescreen TVs.
D8295498	Put more in the frame with the 12.1 MP Digital IXUS 110 IS. Combining a wide-angle lens and widescreen 16:9 LCD, it offers a stylish way to shoot beautiful, expansive still images and HD video. The distinctive Digital IXUS 110 IS features a curved, elegant design - finished in a choice of gold, silver, pink or blue. A resolution of 12.1 MP captures every scene in rich amounts of detail. Turn images into poster-size prints, or creatively crop images without losing the detail necessary for larger prints.For better viewing of widescreen movies and wide still images, the Digital IXUS 110 IS features a 2.8" PureColor LCD II with 16:9 aspect ratio. Optional on-screen Hints & Tips let you make the most of every feature. Active Display gives you a compelling, motion-activated way to review pictures. Smart Auto mode uses intelligent Scene Detection Technology to determine subject brightness, contrast, distance and overall hue. The camera then searches an incredible 18 possible modes, and selects the one which offers the perfect settings for the scene. Canon's DIGIC 4 processor drives exceptional processing speeds, responsive operation, superb image quality and color reproduction. Richly detailed, cleaner images, even at high ISO speeds, are the result of advanced Noise Reduction. DIGIC 4 also powers Canon's i-Contrast feature, for improved contrast and greater detail in tricky lighting conditions.The Digital IXUS 110 IS combats blur with Motion Detection Technology. Activated in Smart Auto mode, this uses a range of technologies to ascertain movement of both camera and subject. The optimum ISO is then automatically set for any situation. A suite of Face Detection technologies detects faces in a shot and adjusts focus, exposure, flash settings and white balance - for optimal results with natural-looking skin tones. Blink Detection lets you avoid the disappointment of mistimed people shots. FaceSelf-Timer makes group photos and self-portraits easy, taking the shot when an extra face is detected in the frame. Create cinematic, widescreen (16:9) movies in high definition, then use HDMI connectivity for playback on HD widescreen TVs.
D8295500	The Digital IXUS 100 IS delivers exceptional style in an ultra-slim form. Beautiful photos are made easy by a host of intelligent Canon technologies, and can be supplemented by stunning HD video.With its ultra-slim metallic form, the Digital IXUS 100 IS takes digital camera design to new heights of elegance. Its combination of supremely slender profile and high performance is achieved by a combination of Canon technologies.The Digital IXUS 100 IS combats blur with Motion Detection technology. Activated in Smart Auto mode, this uses a range of technologies to ascertain movement of both camera and subject. The optimum ISO is then automatically set for any situation.
D8295539	With a 10.1 Megapixel CMOS sensor and technology inherited from Canon's professional models, the EOS 1000D offers EOS imaging power in an affordable, easy-to-use package.For dramatic mid-action shots, the EOS 1000D allows continuous shooting of large JPEG images at speeds of up to 3 frames per second, until the memory card is full. With a card, this lets you shoot up to 514 images without a pause.A wide-area Auto Focus system uses 7 separate focusing points to lock onto subjects fast. The central focus point enables focusing even under low-light or low-contrast conditions.Canon's built-in dust prevention system guards images against the effects of dust in three ways: reducing dust generated inside the camera, shaking dust from the sensor each time the camera is turned on or off, and mapping stubborn dust spots for removal with the provided Digital Photo Professional software.
D8295541	Get ready for the power you'll need to bring your home office to the next level. This wireless wonder lets you print from any room in your home and boasts incredible 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi with 1pl and a 5 individual ink tank system. A built-in, fully integrated 35-sheet Auto Document Feeder means fast copying or scanning of your originals so you can tend to other tasks while the printer is at work. Its built-in Auto Duplex Printing prints two-sided documents without having to manually flip the pages. Additionally, various security features like password-protected PDF's means you can feel safe about the creation and distribution of your most confidential files. A Super G3 High-speed Fax along with networkable Ethernet means every aspect of your business can run as efficiently as possible. Thanks to Dual Color Gamut Processing Technology your copies will maintain the integrity of the original while you produce remarkable scans with 4800 dpi. With computer-less printing capabilities via compatible memory cards, PictBridge and optional Bluetooth can easily be viewed and edited directly on the 2.5" LCD. Its versatile feature set also makes for a top-of-the-line photo lab so all of your printing needs are met in one machine that can virtually fit anywhere, whether you're on a PC or Mac.
D8295542	A multifunctional, compact and cost-cutting inkjet all-in-one, the MX320 offers professional printing, copying, faxing and scanning, with a 30-sheet ADF to further increase productivity.
D8295543	Is your home office in need of a productivity boost? The PIXMA MX330 brings high performance and versatility right to your door step. Utilize 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi firing at 2pl with the heralded PG-210 black and CL-211 Color FINE Ink Cartridge System for great detail and a built-in, fully-integrated 30-sheet auto document feeder for fast copying and scanning of your originals so you can multi-task while you're in or out of the office. The Super G3 high-speed fax has a built-in memory to store up to 20 coded speed dials and 50 incoming pages for added efficiency. Scan, duplicate and distribute documents with professional quality thanks to dual color gamut processing technology so your copies will maintain the integrity of the original. Plus, the MX330 has various security features like password-protected PDF's so you can feel safe about the creation and dissemination of your most confidential files. A 1.8" LCD allows for easy viewing and editing of images along with computer-less printing capabilities by way of PictBridge. So, whether you're on a PC or Mac, you get an advanced business machine and excellent photo lab all- in-one that can virtually fit anywhere.
D8295544	Marketing description is not available.
D8295545	Marketing description is not available.
D8295546	Marketing description is not available.
D8295718	Uncompromising style and great value are fused in the Digital IXUS 95 IS. Ease of use is assured by smart auto mode, which uses scene detection to intelligently optimize settings for better pictures.
D8295721	The Digital IXUS 100 IS delivers exceptional style in an ultra-slim form. Beautiful photos are made easy by a host of intelligent Canon technologies, and can be supplemented by stunning HD video.With its ultra-slim metallic form, the Digital IXUS 100 IS takes digital camera design to new heights of elegance. Its combination of supremely slender profile and high performance is achieved by a combination of Canon technologies.The Digital IXUS 100 IS combats blur with Motion Detection technology. Activated in Smart Auto mode, this uses a range of technologies to ascertain movement of both camera and subject. The optimum ISO is then automatically set for any situation.
D8295725	Your creativity knows no limits with the sleek, compact PowerShot A2100 IS. Engineered with 12.1-megapixel of resolution and a 6x optical zoom lens with Optical Image Stabilizer, you'll get the awesome image quality you've always dreamed of. The bold, bright, super sized 3.0-inch LCD offers a clear view of everything. Evolved Face Detection technology and Face Detection Self-timer give you the control when shooting moving subjects and group self-portraits. Smart Auto makes getting great shots astonishingly easy.
D8295726	Uncompromising style and great value are fused in the Digital IXUS 95 IS. Ease of use is assured by smart auto mode, which uses scene detection to intelligently optimize settings for better pictures.
D8295727	Creating gorgeous images is more fun than ever with the sleek, impressively equipped PowerShot SX200 IS. Capture close-up, wide-angle shots with stunning 12x optical zoom. Experience the unprecedented image quality and point-and-shoot convenience of Smart Auto, along with enhanced operability and an intuitive new menu. HD shooting at 1280 x 720 pixels with HDMI output lets you see all the beauty of your HD images and movies on your HDTV.
D8295728	Creating gorgeous images is more fun than ever with the sleek, impressively equipped PowerShot SX200 IS. Capture close-up, wide-angle shots with stunning 12x optical zoom. Experience the unprecedented image quality and point-and-shoot convenience of Smart Auto, along with enhanced operability and an intuitive new menu. HD shooting at 1280 x 720 pixels with HDMI output lets you see all the beauty of your HD images and movies on your HDTV.
D8295729	Creating gorgeous images is more fun than ever with the sleek, impressively equipped PowerShot SX200 IS. Capture close-up, wide-angle shots with stunning 12x optical zoom. Experience the unprecedented image quality and point-and-shoot convenience of Smart Auto, along with enhanced operability and an intuitive new menu. HD shooting at 1280 x 720 pixels with HDMI output lets you see all the beauty of your HD images and movies on your HDTV.
D8295730	For those with a taste for adventure, there's a camera as bold as the active life you lead. It's the Canon PowerShot D10. Waterproof, freezeproof and shockproof; it's tough enough to take what you dish out. Plus it's got all the high performance features you expect from a Canon digital camera. You've got 12.1-megapixel of resolution plus all of Canon's powerful, state-of-the-art imaging technologies so you can capture your epic experiences in breathtaking color and awesome detail.
D8295762	Canon's EOS 50D bridges the gap between the novice and the seasoned pro with a perfect combination of high-speed and quality. It features an APS-C sized 15.1-megapixel CMOS sensor for tremendous images, DIGIC 4 image processor for fine detail and superior color reproduction, and improved ISO capabilities up to 12800 for uncompromised shooting even in the dimmest situations. It features a refined 3.0-inch Clear View LCD (920,000 dots) monitor, supercharged live view function with Face Detection Live mode, plus a number of automatic image correction settings and HDMI output for viewing images on an HDTV. Pick up the EOS 50D and you'll experience true digital inspiration!
D8295763	Canon's EOS 50D bridges the gap between the novice and the seasoned pro with a perfect combination of high-speed and quality. It features an APS-C sized 15.1-megapixel CMOS sensor for tremendous images, DIGIC 4 image processor for fine detail and superior color reproduction, and improved ISO capabilities up to 12800 for uncompromised shooting even in the dimmest situations. It features a refined 3.0-inch Clear View LCD (920,000 dots) monitor, supercharged live view function with Face Detection Live mode, plus a number of automatic image correction settings and HDMI output for viewing images on an HDTV. Pick up the EOS 50D and you'll experience true digital inspiration!
D8295764	Canon's EOS 50D bridges the gap between the novice and the seasoned pro with a perfect combination of high-speed and quality. It features an APS-C sized 15.1-megapixel CMOS sensor for tremendous images, DIGIC 4 image processor for fine detail and superior color reproduction, and improved ISO capabilities up to 12800 for uncompromised shooting even in the dimmest situations. It features a refined 3.0-inch Clear View LCD (920,000 dots) monitor, supercharged live view function with Face Detection Live mode, plus a number of automatic image correction settings and HDMI output for viewing images on an HDTV. Pick up the EOS 50D and you'll experience true digital inspiration!
D8297351	Verbatim's MediaStation has LAN access to the user's multimedia files from a PC on their home network. Features include easy to use folder navigation, password protection on files and enables the user to create their own personal playlists of multimedia files. MediaStation has Digital Audio 5.1 enabling a connection to home theater devices that support Dolby Digital and DTS surround sound and is fitted with the latest technology in internal SATA HDD. It is also possible to upscale standard resolution content to high definition 1080i component output.
D8297356	The Micro USB Flash Drive is lightweight and compact. Weighing a tiny 1.2g, and only 2.35mm thick, it is small in size but not in capacity! It is versatile and easy to use. Simply drag and drop your folders and files. The Micro USB Drive also features password protection software and is enhanced for Windows Readyboost.
D8297579	The Deskstar 7K1000.B hard drive provides an exceptional blend of power efficiency and performance making it an ideal solution for power-friendly consumer and commercial PCs. Leveraging seventh-generation power management technology as well as power-saving innovations pioneered on the popular 2.5-inch line of notebook hard drives from Hitachi, this new breed of desktop drive delivers best-in-class power management and thermal emissions, while maintaining high standards of performance.
D8297644	Good design stands the test of time! With this beautiful collection of laptop cases Targus bring you a contemporary slant on classic design. Each case has been carefully crafted with a stylish approach to practicality. Constructed from quality materials, each case features a protective padded laptop section so you can be sure that your laptop is safe.
D8301049	With faster, intelligent, multi-core technology that applies processing power where it's needed most, Intel Core i7 processors deliver an incredible breakthrough in PC performance. They are the best desktop processors on the planet.You'll multitask applications faster and unleash incredible digital media creation. And you'll experience maximum performance for everything you do.
D8301050	Conquer the world of extreme gaming with the fastest performing processor on the planet: the Intel Core i7 processor Extreme Edition. With faster, intelligent multi-core technology that accelerates performance to match your workload, it delivers an incredible breakthrough in gaming performance.But performance doesn't stop at gaming. You'll multitask 25 percent faster and unleash incredible digital media creation with up to 79 percent faster video encoding and up to 46 percent faster image rendering, plus incredible performance for photo retouching and editing.In fact, you'll experience maximum performance for whatever you do, thanks to the combination of Intel Turbo Boost technology and Intel Hyper-Threading technology (Intel HT technology), which activates full processing power exactly where and when you need it most.
D8301745	Especially developed for the Dominator Intel Core i7 triple kit solutions, the airflow fan CMXAF2 is equipped with two 60mm fans, and is able to cool up to 6 memory modules.Thus, it enables to keep your system perfectly stable and ultra performing at the same time.
D8307803	The continued expansion of Iiyama's Business range of displays see the introduction of the B2206WS, a high specification 22" widescreen LCD with height adjustability and screen rotation. Featuring a true 2msec response time and 10,000:1 advanced contrast ratio LCD panel, makes the B2206WS ideal for video conferencing, DTP and CAD as well as the usual text based applications. Analog and DVI inputs ensure compatibility with the latest systems and associated graphics cards.
D8308368	Maxtor DiamondMax 23 SATA 3Gb/s hard drives provide a value solution for applications needing high-capacity storage.Maxtor DiamondMax 23 hard drives follow the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions by adding high-capacity drives to the product line.DiamondMax 23 hard drives utilize proven Seagate second-generation perpendicular magnetic recording technology to deliver high-capacity drives with features and value that can go head-to-head with any competitor.
D8308369	Maxtor DiamondMax 23 SATA 3Gb/s hard drives provide a value solution for applications needing high-capacity storage.Maxtor DiamondMax 23 hard drives follow the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions by adding high-capacity drives to the product line.DiamondMax 23 hard drives utilize proven Seagate second-generation perpendicular magnetic recording technology to deliver high-capacity drives with features and value that can go head-to-head with any competitor.
D8308372	Maxtor DiamondMax 23 SATA 3Gb/s hard drives provide a value solution for applications needing high-capacity storage.Maxtor DiamondMax 23 hard drives follow the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions by adding high-capacity drives to the product line.DiamondMax 23 hard drives utilize proven Seagate second-generation perpendicular magnetic recording technology to deliver high-capacity drives with features and value that can go head-to-head with any competitor.
D8308775	Full HD 1080p displayASCR (ASUS Smart Contrast Ratio) technologyAspect control functionSplendid video intelligence technologyStylish and user-friendly design for modern sophistication
D8311552	Marketing description is not available.
D8311553	Simply the best choice if you are fascinated by advanced multimedia applications and want to take advantage of them. The DDU1681S gets you started with a perfect home cinema, stunning access to advanced PC applications and the best CD sound quality.Thanks to its SMART-X feature, the DDU1681S automatically adapts CD-DA/VCD/DVD data transfer rate to the hardware architecture.And you wouldn't even think it is running! This highly perfomant drive is built in a 'ABS' enclosure to effectively reduce vibration and noise.
D8311773	Marketing description is not available.
D8311774	Marketing description is not available.
D8311981	As entertainment content becomes more available, the need for hardware technology to maintain increasing volumes of software content becomes more important. Combining this 3D technology with Samsung's LCD monitor creates an optimal viewing tool - for uses ranging from teaching and using 3D modeling to playing the latest video games.
D8313252	NVIDIA's GeForce GTX 260 GPU (55nm) integrating high-speed 0.8ns GDDR3 memory which offers enhanced, leading-edge performance for the 3D enthusiasts.It supports two monitors simultaneously, enabled by the NVIDIA nView Multi- Display technology for office applications, 3D gaming and professional applications such as CAD, DTP, animation or video editing. NVIDIA nView allows end-users to select any combination of multiple displays, including a DVI, CRT, and TV.
D8313784	Marketing description is not available.
D8313786	Double layer H.D.T. technology achieves the most strength and efficiency of today's demand of coolers for enthusiasts. Not only provides the extreme cooling performance, but Thor's Hammer also attracts users with particular interlace fins, overall shiny black nickel and double layer HDT.Combined with pull/trigger option with anti-vibration rubbers and the mounting kit, Thor's Hammer comes with a high standard of accomplishment.
D8313889	The Spire series power supplies give even the most demanding PC users a way to keep it cool. Housed in nickel coated enclosures, these power supplies feature multiple, low-noise dual ball bearing fans to ensure smooth and silent operation in the workplace or home office. Whether it is work or play, business presentations or games, applications can take center stage because they no longer have to compete with typical PC cooling noise.
D8317401	The Digital IXUS 100 IS delivers exceptional style in an ultra-slim form. Beautiful photos are made easy by a host of intelligent Canon technologies, and can be supplemented by stunning HD video.With its ultra-slim metallic form, the Digital IXUS 100 IS takes digital camera design to new heights of elegance. Its combination of supremely slender profile and high performance is achieved by a combination of Canon technologies.The Digital IXUS 100 IS combats blur with Motion Detection technology. Activated in Smart Auto mode, this uses a range of technologies to ascertain movement of both camera and subject. The optimum ISO is then automatically set for any situation.
D8317689	With the advances of today's high-definition (HD) video recording technology, more and more digital camcorders are designed with convenient flash cards rather than older formats such as mini DVD, or tapes for HD video capture. An improved video compression format such as AVCHD allows digital camcorder owners to get maximum storage capacity from high-capacity memory cards.Kingston Technology offers a line of SDHC Video cards designed to capture full HD, AVCHD, 1080i and 1080p. For easy reference, the label indicates the number of minutes available for video storage on the card. Whether you are taking video to capture memories of a vacation, a wedding, or your son or daughter's soccer game, having ample storage capacity means continuous shooting so you don't miss a single moment.For added reliability and durability, Kingston solid-state SDHC video memory cards are built of nonvolatile memory components and have no moving parts that could wear out or break.
D8317931	MSI design PCB with the most advanced power module. R4850-2D512's 4 + 1 phase power design reduces loading of each power phase, provides more stable power and longer lifespan.
D8317939	The AP1900 is the world's very first personal computer that achieved the perfect balance through brilliant calculation of delicate design, energy-saving, instant internet access, and teleconferencing functions to both save work space and make better work efficiency.AP1900 is the world's slimmest AIO PC design, and its finest with only 35mm in width. So, it can minimize space usage while broadening the visual capacity like other LCD monitors. The 19" 16:9 screen can add 14% more viewing area than regular 16:10 designs. The black bars on the top and the bottom of the screen can also be avoided. In the other hand, AP1900 provides a 160 degrees wide visual experience.In comparison to the traditional PC, the AP1900 is equipped with the Intel Atom processor. It has all the outstanding features as the regular PC, added with energy-saving and noise-reduction functions.
D8317940	The AP1900 is the world's very first personal computer that achieved the perfect balance through brilliant calculation of delicate design, energy-saving, instant internet access, and teleconferencing functions to both save work space and make better work efficiency.AP1900 is the world's slimmest AIO PC design, and its finest with only 35mm in width. So, it can minimize space usage while broadening the visual capacity like other LCD monitors. The 19" 16:9 screen can add 14% more viewing area than regular 16:10 designs. The black bars on the top and the bottom of the screen can also be avoided. In the other hand, AP1900 provides a 160 degrees wide visual experience.In comparison to the traditional PC, the AP1900 is equipped with the Intel Atom processor. It has all the outstanding features as the regular PC, added with energy-saving and noise-reduction functions.
D8318222	The Sapphire HD 4850 1GB is a version of the HD 4850 designed by Sapphire for the user who demands more memory for specific applications like rendering. It offers similar overall performance to the standard model, with clock speeds of 625MHz (core) and 993MHz (memory).
D8318223	Marketing description is not available.
D8319913	PRODUCT FEATURES:Full HD 1080p for high-resolution digital content displayAdvanced video technologies for exceptional visualsStylish and user-friendly design for modern sophistication
D8319956	Marketing description is not available.
D8319999	ASUS Xonar D2 audio card, dedicated to be the best audio card for gaming and home entertainments, provides unprecedented 118dB In/Out SNR audio quality and features for games, music, and movies. Combining 192k/24bit ultra fidelity input and output at with a suite of Dolby and DTS sound technologies and abundant valuable software, the Xonar D2 is well designed to upgrade your PC to a powerful and high-quality Home Entertainment Center, which you will never have with onboard audio or other sound cards!
D8320005	Spoil your ears to a full 20-20kHz frequency range, and deep bass sounds even up to 100 feet away. Cancel out background noise for clear voice communications. Enjoy less than 0.08% distortion for professional audio performance.This headset features intelligent foldable design best for modern travelers and business people.
D8320056	Experience the power of blue laser with BC-5100 series.Play Blu-ray media and read write to most DVD and CD formats.The BC-5100S is ideal as a combined application that reads your 25GB BD-R and BD-RE media as well as your 50GB dual layer BD-R and BD-RE media. It also reads and writes to your DVDs and CDs. It is the perfect application for your desktop PC.
D8320080	Support for Socket AM2+ / AM2 processorsSolid capacitor for CPU powerAM3 CPU readyAMD 790GX and SB750 chipsetsSupports AMD OverDrive with ACC featureSupports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologySupports ATI CrossFireX and Hybrid CrossFireXSupports ASRock Instant BootSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC tuner, Intelligent Energy Saver
D8320081	Core i7 processor supports Intel Dynamic Speed technologyHigh-quality conductive polymer capacitorsIntel X58 + ICH10R chipsets4 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slotsSupports ATI CrossFireX, Quad CrossFireXSupports NVIDIA Quad SLI, 3-way SLI and SLISupports 2 x IEEE1394 portsSupports ASRock instant bootSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC tuner, Intelligent Energy Saver
D8320410	This high-quality series of universal PC notebook adapter meets CEC (California Energy Commission) LEVEL IV and Energy Star. It is ideal for value replacement or as a second unit of reliable power source with full compatibility to your wide range of notebook PCs. This model features compact design, high-impact durability, worldwide safety, and reliability that are either meets or exceed the original manufacturer's power specifications.
D8321486	MSI WindBOX eliminates the noise and the risk of fan's failure by wide heatsink as fanless solution. It supports VESA wall-mount interface and various scenarios like digital signage, thin client, and POS with affordable expenditure, which not only fits the demand of industrial applications but also qualifies for the request of companies, governments, and institutes for general using.
D8322833	Creating gorgeous images is more fun than ever with the sleek, impressively equipped PowerShot SX200 IS. Capture close-up, wide-angle shots with stunning 12x optical zoom. Experience the unprecedented image quality and point-and-shoot convenience of Smart Auto, along with enhanced operability and an intuitive new menu. HD shooting at 1280 x 720 pixels with HDMI output lets you see all the beauty of your HD images and movies on your HDTV.
D8322836	Designed to turn heads wherever it's used, the Digital IXUS 990 IS has an elegant, sculpted appearance, finished in an attractive two-tone color scheme.The Digital IXUS 990 IS combats blur with Motion Detection technology. Activated in smart auto mode, this uses a range of technologies to ascertain movement of both camera and subject. The optimum ISO is then automatically set for any situation.
D8322839	The Digital IXUS 100 IS delivers exceptional style in an ultra-slim form. Beautiful photos are made easy by a host of intelligent Canon technologies, and can be supplemented by stunning HD video.With its ultra-slim metallic form, the Digital IXUS 100 IS takes digital camera design to new heights of elegance. Its combination of supremely slender profile and high performance is achieved by a combination of Canon technologies.The Digital IXUS 100 IS combats blur with Motion Detection technology. Activated in Smart Auto mode, this uses a range of technologies to ascertain movement of both camera and subject. The optimum ISO is then automatically set for any situation.
D8324934	The Extensa 7630 series boasts enhanced productivity, solid connectivity and good expandability. These benefits come with the latest technology and provide an attractive solution for today's business environment.
D8324936	The Extensa 7630 series boasts enhanced productivity, solid connectivity and good expandability. These benefits come with the latest technology and provide an attractive solution for today's business environment.
D8324978	The Extensa 5230 series brings you with increased productivity and the enhanced reliability you need at work. Combined with indispensable Acer technologies and broad wireless connectivity, this product is a just right choice to professional users.
D8325480	Featuring a full TeraFLOP of compute power, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4850 is true power player. The single slot design enables easy three- and four-way CrossFire assembly. Play the most intense games with a graphics card that knows how to conserve energy while delivering optimum performance.
D8325483	The XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTS 250 graphics cards provide gamers with optimal levels of performance, speed and user experience, launching gamers far beyond the starting line from the very first frame XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTS 250 graphics card is a singularly powerful card that pushes its 128 cores to the limit, making it one of the fastest graphics cards available. Better still, it is designed for up to triple the smack down power with 2- or 3-way SLI, guaranteeing that it is one of the most attractively priced power players on the market today.
D8327073	Acer's Extensa 5630 comes with features suited to the progressive professional's daily life. With the graphics and full wireless communication, the Extensa 5630 boosts mobility and efficiency of any professional user looking for perfect match between performance and price.
D8328349	Increase your performance with the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core processor. Work or play with multiple programs without any stalling or waiting. Dual-core technology is like having two processors, and two working together is better and faster than one working alone.
D8328385	The Enhanced Wireless USB Adapter connects your desktop or notebook computer to your wireless network. The adapter's speeds are ideal for handling applications that take up more bandwidth than simple e-mailing and web surfing. The Enhanced N150 range is 802.11b and g certified and based on the 802.11n technology. This range will give you 802.11n technology at an even more affordable price.
D8328386	Connecting the Enhanced Wireless Router to your cable or ADSL modem lets you share your broadband Internet account with all your networked computers. Now you can quickly and efficiently exchange documents, share resources and stream digital music throughout your network.For the most reliable network performance, and to achieve coverage ideal for a home or office pair this router with the Belkin Enhanced USB adapter (Sold Separately). The combination provides a wireless experience perfect for sharing your Internet connection, surfing the web and demanding network applications.The Enhanced N150 range is 802.11b and g certified and based on the 802.11n technology. This range will give you 802.11n performance up to 150Mbps at an even more affordable price.
D8328907	Designed for current generation notebooks and mini-PCs, Corsair's high density SODIMMs allow users to maximize memory bandwidth and minimize performance bottleneck to deliver superior user experience.
D8328956	The Micro USB Flash Drive is lightweight and compact. It is small in size but not in capacity! It is versatile and easy to use. Simply drag and drop your folders and files. The Micro USB Drive also features password protection software and is enhanced for Windows Readyboost.
D8328957	The Micro USB Flash Drive is lightweight and compact. Weighing a tiny 1.2g, and only 2.35mm thick, it is small in size but not in capacity! It is versatile and easy to use. Simply drag and drop your folders and files. The Micro USB Drive also features password protection software and is enhanced for Windows Readyboost.
D8329010	Marketing description is not available.
D8329392	The Deskstar 7K1000.B hard drive provides an exceptional blend of power efficiency and performance making it an ideal solution for power-friendly consumer and commercial PCs. Leveraging seventh-generation power management technology as well as power-saving innovations pioneered on the popular 2.5-inch line of notebook hard drives from Hitachi, this new breed of desktop drive delivers best-in-class power management and thermal emissions, while maintaining high standards of performance.
D8329551	The HL-5340D delivers high quality printed documents efficiently. With the built-in automatic duplex printing feature you can print both sides of the paper, which can contribute to reducing business costs and your carbon footprint.
D8329556	The HL-5370DW delivers high quality printed documents efficiently. With wireless and wired network connectivity built-in, the product offers flexible connectivity making it ideal for use in a workgroup environment and the built-in automatic duplex printing feature allows printing on both sides of the paper, which can contribute to reducing your business costs and your carbon footprint too.
D8329797	Add a thrilling dimension to your games with vibration feedback from the Rumblepad 2. Experience every bone-rattling crash and blind-side hit. The pad feels great in your hands and gives you all the controls you need to dominate the competition.
D8329971	MSI DOT Express technology is the most advanced Dynamic Overclocking technology express enabling supreme overclocking, cooling and de-noise performance. It is an advanced overclocking engine, designed to deliver up to 10% extra performance and greatly enhances the synchronized GPU and DDR performance.MSI Live Update 3 is single utility software that automatically checks BIOS, driver and utility updates and installs for you, which can save your time for searching and lower the risk while updating.MSI Live Update online is designed to automatically download and update the BIOS and driver when there's a version online. It helps reduce the risk of getting the wrong file and minimize the trouble of searching the files from MSI website.Dual-link DVI convertible output supports video/audio signal integration through DVI to HDMI interface, which drivers resolution of a digital display up to 1920 x 1200 or higher.Designed to run perfectly with PCI Express 2.0 bus architecture, offering a future proofing bridge to tomorrow's most bandwidth-hungry games and 3D applications by maximizing the 5GT/s PCI Express 2.0 bandwidth (twice that of first generation PCI Express). PCI Express 2.0 products are fully backwards compatible with existing PCI Express motherboards for broadest support.MSI graphics cards offer the HDMI functionality to provide access to premium digital content. HDMI enables gaming enthusiasts to seamlessly connect to their LCD monitor to bring the ultimate multimedia experience.
D8330066	The U120 is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.MSI has the same persistence for proper ergonomically design even on the keyboards of MSI's smaller notebook computers. The keyboard of the U120 not only has great texture, it also increased the space between the keys to 17.5mm, allowing you to be as comfortable as you can. Ingeniously designed spacebar and touchpad, so your fingers can move smoothly while avoiding strain.Unlike its other competitors that has compromised the memory capacity to decrease in size, the U120 is equipped with the 2.5 inch standard hard drive. It can operate just as any other notebook computers; without the worries of not having enough memory capacity to record the greatest moments in life.Intel Atom processor uses a design structure as basis adding in as much as 47 million transistors into one single chip, and the size is not even 25 (mm)². This is smallest and uses the least energy Intel processors thus far. Not only so, this processor has more than enough mobility and outstanding functions so MSI's users can to have complete access to the resourceful Internet. Always staying connected to the variety and options of entertainment.The U120 has the 802.11 b/g/n and Bluetooth transmission interface, you can enjoy the convenience of accessing the Internet at home or out with U120.Equipped with high resolution webcam, high-performance 2 channel stereo speakers, and microphone, all fitted perfectly within the framework design, expressing the slickness of technology and the elegance of modern fashion. Web-chats can be broadcasted instantly not missing one exciting moment. The photo taken is very sharp in resolution and brilliant in colors, capturing precise imagery both indoor or out, adding more fun to instant messaging.U120 offers a complete entertainment interface, which includes the 4 in 1 card reader, so it may meet the standards of the mainstream memory cards, making it easy to upload digital files into the notebook computer. MSI's focus was on the common products in the market, such as PDA's, digital cameras, digital video cameras, digital MP3 players, global GPS systems and such, also connecting to the U120 Series through USB 2.0 port.The last battery life can escalate the mobility and the productiveness of the U120, which can also make your daily lives much more convenient.
D8332234	Marketing description is not available.
D8332889	Small enough to carry with you everywhere, the LEGRIA HF200 records stunning Full HD movies straight to SDHC memory cards - perfect for passing on to friends or uploading to the web.
D8332994	The PIXMA iP3600 is a compact, affordable home photo printer with class-leading specification that delivers superior photo lab quality prints.The PIXMA iP3600 features crisp text printing thanks to a dedicated black pigment ink cartridge, making it appropriate for all kinds of web and document printing.All 5 Single Inks can be replaced individually, minimizing unnecessary ink wastage. A smart LED indicates when a cartridge is running low or needs replacing.Two paper trays enhance media flexibility, allowing both photo paper and plain paper to be loaded at the same time without having to swap them manually. Digital camera users will also benefit from the ability to print directly from their camera without a PC using PictBridge. If you prefer to hook the printer up to your PC, a Hi-Speed USB interface enables the fast transfer of information.
D8333256	You can exceptionally high-quality prints with fine detail thanks to a separate dye-based black ink for photos, 1pl ink droplets and a resolution of 9600 x 2400dpi. A premium print engine makes it possible to create a photolab-quality print in approximately 20 seconds. Quality and efficiency are maintained through the use of 5 Single Inks - simply replace individual ink tanks when they run out.A range of practical functions makes creating photos and documents even more exciting and productive. With Canon's Easy-PhotoPrint EX it's easy to print calendars, albums and photos. Auto photo fix automatically corrects photos, including red-eye correction; auto duplex makes double-side printing straightforward - saving on paper and producing professional-looking documents. Two paper trays enable users to have plain and photo paper loaded at once.Managing your data storage is easy as you can personalize your DVDs and CDs for business, friends and family. Simply print direct onto the surface of the printable DVD or CD.There is no need for a PC to be involved in your print process. With PictBridge technology you have a quick and convenient way to print images from compatible digital cameras, camcorders or mobile phones.
D8333263	With the LEGRIA FS21 store over 10 hours of movies to the internal flash memory. Making great videos is easy with Video Snapshot and Pre REC features. For even longer recording, use SDHC memory cards.
D8333264	The megapixel LEGRIA FS22 lets you store almost 21 hours of movies to the internal memory -or record to SDHC card. Video Snapshot, Dual Shot and Pre REC make shooting fun and easy.
D8333265	The LEGRIA FS200 is Canon's smallest, most stylish standard definition digital video camera ever. This camera is feature packed with 41x zoom, high quality sensor and photos, Quick start, quick charge intelligent lithium battery, microphone socket and all the great benefits of a camera that will last into the future.
D8333267	The LEGRIA FS200 is Canon's smallest, most stylish standard definition digital video camera ever. This camera is feature packed with 41x zoom, high quality sensor and photos, Quick start, quick charge intelligent lithium battery, microphone socket and all the great benefits of a camera that will last into the future.
D8333268	The LEGRIA HF S10 is an HD camcorder that fuses professional-level imaging with the advantages of dual flash memory. Advanced controls allow you to capture incredibly sharp and detailed HD images.Capture stunning images via the Canon HD camera system: the LEGRIA HF S10 uses a unique combination of 8.0 megapixels Full HD CMOS sensor, Canon HD video lens with 10x optical zoom, and the DIGIC DV III processor.
D8333269	The stylish and compact LEGRIA HF20 can store over 12 hours of HD movies to internal memory. Perfect for carrying everywhere, features like Pre REC and Video Snapshot make moviemaking fun and easy.
D8333270	The LEGRIA HF S100 records full HD video to SDHC memory cards, ideal for sharing. A range of advanced features combine with an 8.0MP CMOS sensor and DIGIC DV III to deliver superior picture quality.
D8333272	As today's business world becomes more competitive you need products that are not just tools but versatile compliments to your business that provide real solutions. Enter the FAX-JX210P with excellent fax quality on plain paper thanks to its PG-40 fine cartridge. It also features PC printing capability, one touch dialing, caller ID, Hi-speed USB 2.0 connection and the ability to make remarkably clear black and white copies.The Ultra-High Quality (UHQ) image system allows you to send clear, crisp faxes that are easy to read and are exceptional in quality. Its built-in Auto Document Feeder holds 20 letter-sized pages with a transmission speed of approximately six seconds so you can spend less time waiting and more time getting things done. The JX210P also holds up to 60 pages in memory and also conveniently switches between phone and fax modes in addition to having a high-capacity paper tray of 100 sheets.
D8333273	A fast and fully featured fax, phone and digital answering machine with PC printing capability, and a user friendly design, the super G3 JX510P is the ideal fax communications center.
D8334742	Gigabyte Technology S series motherboards are for AMD socket AM2 platform, featuring with two innovative features - safe and smart technologies. The S series motherboards GA-M52L-S3P; supporting AMD new generation AM2 processor with dual channel DDR2 800MHz high frequency memories, providing reliable and user friendly computing and reaching the maximum system performance easily via personalized software settings. Gigabyte S series motherboards, the champion's choice for AMD socket AM2 platform!
D8339554	Superior hardware design648MHz core clock, 1242MHz (DDR 2484) memory clockHigh performance 2-slot fan coolingDual DVI (with Dual-link DVI, support up to 2560 x 1600) and video out connector with S-video/composite/HDTV supportProvides world-class HDTV-out functionality up to 1080i resolutionSupports two monitors simultaneouslyEasy plug-and-play
D8339673	The GeForce GTX 285 GPU with CUDA technology not only provides a best-in-class gaming experience, it also delivers Graphics Plus. Experience jaw-dropping PhysX gaming effects. Stereoscopic 3D, and lighting fast video and image processing all accelerated by the GPU.
D8340144	ATI CrossFireX technologyASUS TurboVASUS true 8+2 phase power designASUS Express GateSystem level energy savingASUS fanless design - heat-pipe solutionFan XpertSATA on the goEnjoy high-end sound system on your PCGreenASUS
D8340145	The Republic of Gamers consists only the best of the best. ASUS offer the best hardware engineering, the fastest performance, the most innovating ideas, and they welcome the best gamers to join in.In the Republic of Gamers, mercy rules are only for the weak, and bragging rights means everything. They believe in making statements and excel in competitions. If your character matches their trait, then join the elite club, make your presence felt, in the Republic of Gamers.
D8340439	The XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTS 250 graphics cards provide gamers with optimal levels of performance, speed and user experience, launching gamers far beyond the starting line from the very first frame XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTS 250 graphics card is a singularly powerful card that pushes its 128 cores to the limit, making it one of the fastest graphics cards available. Better still, it is designed for up to triple the smack down power with 2- or 3-way SLI, guaranteeing that it is one of the most attractively priced power players on the market today.
D8340499	NVIDIA unified architectureNVIDIA PhysX-readyNVIDIA CUDA technologyGigaThread technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA Lumenex engineNVIDIA Quantum Effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideoTM HD technologyHDCP capable
D8340500	NVIDIA unified architectureNVIDIA PhysX-readyNVIDIA CUDA technologyGigaThread technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA Lumenex engineNVIDIA Quantum Effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideoTM HD technologyHDCP capable
D8340551	ProLite T1730SR-2 is based on 5 Wire Resistive technology. Price / performance ratio is ideal for the budget conscious user while quality and specification is certainly not compromised. The display inputs include both Analog and Digital (DVI) with Touchscreen connectivity via either USB or RS-232 which offers greater than typical flexibility. A solid and steady base supports the TouchScreen with an adjustable stand offering full 90 degree angles. Extensive Touch Utilities allow for 4 point calibration and either 9/25 point linerization. An incredibly powerful Touch solution.
D8340841	Programmable sequential/interleave burst modeBi-directional differential data-strobeOff-Chip Driver(OCD) impedance adjustmentOn die termination with selectable values (50/75/150 ohms or disable)Support high temperature self-refresh rate enable featureAll of base components are lead-free, halogen-free, and RoHS compliant
D8341549	ASUS / EN9800GT/HTDP is your intelligent hardware protection and overclocking tool. It offers real-time overclocking, benchmarking and video capturing in any PC game!
D8342470	Experience the freedom and eliminate the clutter with the Logitech Cordless Rumblepad 2. Logitech developed 2.4 GHz Cordless Freedom technology specifically for gaming... 30 feet of freedom with no lag! With its two vibration feedback motors, you'll experience every turn, bump, dip, and crash. And it feels great in your hands with its familiar button layout and all the controls you need to dominate.
D8342946	Maxtor DiamondMax 23 SATA 3Gb/s hard drives provide a value solution for applications needing high-capacity storage.Maxtor DiamondMax 23 hard drives follow the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions by adding high-capacity drives to the product line.DiamondMax 23 hard drives utilize proven Seagate second-generation perpendicular magnetic recording technology to deliver high-capacity drives with features and value that can go head-to-head with any competitor.
D8342978	The LD-series monitors feature sleek, clean contours and high-glossy black encasements to serve as secondary displays for today's stylish laptops. The models' intelligent image size function projects 4:3 images from laptops in movie wide aspect ratios of 16:9 in HD content, allowing users to enjoy optimized visual effects for both entertainment and business purposes. The LD220 monitor has a resolution of 1366 x 768, 5ms response time, contrast ratio of 1000:1, and are compatible with Windows Vista operating systems. With green in mind, the monitors have two-lamp low power consumption and an off timer to help conserve energy.
D8342980	Marketing description is not available.
D8343004	MSI AM3 mainboard fully supports AMD latest 45nm Phenom II processor and DDR3 memory. Not only that, Gaming series mainboard even comes with OC Dial and MAX FSB advanced overclocking technologies, as well as M-Flash BIOS update mechanism protection. OC Dial and MAX FSB overclocking enable users to overclock easily and become an expert in a short period of time; M-Flash enables user to load the BIOS files from USB drive to boot up. In addition, this mainboard features full support for multimedia applications, Blu-ray high-definition hardware audio, and complete display output interface to provide full HD and high-performance 3D display capabilities. This mainboard is simply one of the best solutions for gamers and multimedia users.
D8343006	MSI AM3 mainboard fully supports AMD latest 45nm Phenom II processor and DDR3 memory. Not only that, Gaming series mainboard even comes with OC Dial and MAX FSB advanced overclocking technologies, as well as M-Flash BIOS update mechanism protection. OC Dial and MAX FSB overclocking enable users to overclock easily and become an expert in a short period of time; M-Flash enables user to load the BIOS files from USB drive to boot up. In addition, this mainboard features full support for multimedia applications, Blu-ray high-definition hardware audio, and complete display output interface to provide full HD and high-performance 3D display capabilities. This mainboard is simply one of the best solutions for gamers and multimedia users.
D8343008	The MSI N250GT-2D512 uses a revolutionary Seaweed-Blade fan design, which has a unique blade shape for a better airflow and therefore improved cooling. Tested under very strict conditions, this Seaweed-Blade design proves to create greater air-pressure at the same noise level as a traditional fan.
D8343035	Designed for current generation notebooks and mini-PCs, Corsair's high density SODIMMs allow users to maximize memory bandwidth and minimize performance bottleneck to deliver superior user experience.
D8343126	The FLATRON Wide Format Series are the finest monitors that epitomize a wide variety of cutting-edge technologies. High-tech design, best picture quality and ergonomic functionality optimize the user environment. Play movies, play games, play wide, play LG!
D8343130	PRODUCT FEATURES:World's fastest 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interface
D8343131	Marketing description is not available.
D8343142	Marketing description is not available.
D8343143	Marketing description is not available.
D8343145	Further equipped with 216 Stream processor, GeForce GTX 260 is to provide ultimate gaming and home entertaining experience whether it's ripping through DirectX 10 games at blazing fast frame rates, experiencing a new world of realistic physical motion and massively destructible environment, transcoding HD video to you portable video player, or helping discover a cure for cancer via Folding@home, you can put your PC to work for you with the power of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 260 GPUs.
D8343161	The motherboard supports AMD socket AM2+/AM2 for many processors with 2MB / 1MB / 512KB L2 cache, which is based on 64-bit architecture. It features 2000 MT/s HyperTransport1.0 Bus, dual-channel un-buffered DDR2 1066 (AM2+) and DDR2 800 (AM2) memories support and AMD Cool 'n' Quiet! technology.64-bit computing, the technology to replace 32-bit architecture, delivers advanced system performance, faster memory access and increased productivity. This motherboard provides excellent compatibility and flexibility by supporting either 64-bit or 32-bit architecture.
D8343162	AMD 790FX chipsetPCIe 2.0 supportATI CrossFireX technology8+2 phase power designASUS anti-surge protectionTurboVTurbo keyPrecision Tweaker 2Express gateQ- ShieldQ-ConnectorO.C. profileCrashFree BIOS 2EZ-Flash 2Onboard switchAesthetic heat-pipeStack Cool 2ASUS Q-Fan 2MyLogo2Noise filteringIndustry standardIEEE 1394a interfaceHigh definition audioS/PDIF-out on back I/O portGreenASUS
D8343163	This motherboard supports AMD AMD Socket AM2+ multi-core processors with unique L3 cache and delivers better overclocking capabilities with less power consumption. It features dual-channel DDR2 1066 memory support and accelerates data transfer rate up to 5200MT/s via HyperTransport 3.0 based system bus.
D8343317	With all the features, the ATI Radeon HD 4350 graphics cards deliver an incredible visual experience with best in class performance. Enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism and play the latest games with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Add this graphics card to your PC and watch Blu-ray movies and HD content play with incredible visual fidelity, and view digital photos with over 1 billion colors. Do it all with break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8343318	Loaded with the features, the ATI Radeon HD 4600 Series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units, support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity or take your experience to another level with multimedia capabilities. Do it all with break-through energy efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8343439	Marketing description is not available.
D8343440	Marketing description is not available.
D8343441	Marketing description is not available.
D8343686	Redefining the styling direction of a genre once again, their designer created the LC13 with an impressive fascia that is both beautiful and purposeful. Behind it, is a chassis offering an extensive array of hard drive / optical drive configuration and excellent cooling characteristic. Among cases that are built on compromises, the LC13 is the first choice for those who need the most freedom with their HTPC.
D8343687	For SilverStone engineers, innovation is more than feature improvements; it is about improving total user experience. The Precision series PS02 is designed for users that appreciate quality computing experience. With a heritage of conservative premium tower chassis as the basis, the PS02 follows the same styling direction to achieve a modern, classic look. The up-side down power supply layout design and flexible drive storage options enable PS02 to support a wide selection of components. For those requiring a quality enclosure with great styling, the PS02 is an excellent choice.
D8345089	The 9400 GT delivers astonishing vibrant video-watching with NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology. HDCP-capable, the 9400 GT ensures exceptional playback of encrypted Blu-ray disc and HD DVD movie content when connected to HDCP-compliant displays.Visual computing tasks such as photo archiving and photo sharing are made more enjoyable thanks to a real pop in the visual experience with reduced CPU utilization and low power consumption. Better still, the 9400 GT has full Microsoft Windows media center support that allows users to offload tasks from the CPU, increasing productivity and enabling users to share, edit and manage photos and videos better than ever before.
D8347626	The Plantronics .Audio 995 digital wireless PC headset combines the wireless technology with superb audio drivers to deliver exceptional performance up to 30 meters from your PC. All the controls are intuitively placed for quick and easy control: volume up and down are positioned on the ear pod and with the microphone mute activated when the boom is stowed you will always be in control. The 40mm speakers deliver studio-quality audio with maximum bass response perfect for music, multimedia, gaming and PC chat. The lightweight design ensures excellent comfort for hours of use.
D8347627	Have it all - the Plantronics .Audio 326 delivers excellent audio quality for Skype, Windows Live, or Yahoo Messenger Internet calling. An adjustable boom brings the microphone close to your mouth, so your callers can hear and understand you clearly during conversations. Advanced noise-canceling features in the microphone reduce background noise so your callers only hear you. When you're listening to music, Podcasts, or DVDs, pillow-soft ear cushions focus full-range stereo sound for maximum enjoyment, while convenient in-line controls put music volume, microphone volume, and mute features at your fingertips. Lightweight and flexible, this headset is comfortable for hours of use.
D8347628	The Plantronics .Audio 655 USB delivers exceptionally high audio using the 40mm speakers - which deliver studio-quality audio with maximum bass response perfect for music, multimedia, gaming and PC chat.All the controls are intuitively placed for quick and easy control: volume up and down are positioned on the ear pod and with the microphone mute activated when the boom is stowed you will always be in control.For Internet calling (VOIP) a QuickAdjust microphone provides precise placement and noise-canceling features ensure that Internet callers can hear you clearly. The design ensures excellent comfort for hours of use.
D8348342	Marketing description is not available.
D8349834	ASRock DuraCap, 100% Japan-made high-quality conductive polymer capacitorsSupports AMD OverDrive with ACC feature (Advanced Clock Calibration)Supports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologySupports ATI CrossFire, Hybrid CrossFireX and 3-way CrossFireX3 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slots6 x SATAII 3.0Gbps connectorsSupports RAID (RAID 0, RAID 1, RAID 5, RAID 10 and JBOD), NCQ, AHCI and "Hot Plug" functionsSupports 2 x IEEE1394 portsPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 MbpsThree VGA output options: D-sub, DVI-D and HDMISupports HDCP functionSupports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD)/HD-DVD playbackSupports ASRock instant bootSupports smart BIOS, ASRock OC tuner, intelligent energy saver
D8351410	Low profile/1-slot design with low profile bracket bundle for HTPCNative HDMI supportDDR3 512M memory on boardATI RADEON HD4550 GPUPCI Express 2.0 supportUnified Video Decoder (UVD) for Blu-ray and HD DVD
D8351411	Low profile design with low profile bracket bundled0db thermal solutionSplendid technologyUnified Video Decoder 2(UVD2)Native HDMI output support
D8352722	SLI technologyMicrosoft DirectX 10PCI-E 2.0HDCP supportHDMI readyPureVideo HDCUDA technologyPhyX technology
D8352723	SLI technologyMicrosoft DirectX 10PCI-E 2.0HDCP supportHDMI readyPureVideo HDCUDA technologyPhyX technology
D8352724	SLI technologyMicrosoft DirectX 10PCI-E 2.0HDCP supportHDMI readyPureVideo HD
D8352725	Powered by NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10 and OpenGL 2.1 supportIntegrated with the industry's best 512 MB GDDR3 memory and 256-bit memory interfaceSupports NVIDIA SLI and PureVideo HD technologyFeatures Dual link DVI-I / D-sub / HDMI / HDCP
D8352728	SLI technologynView Multi-Display technologyMicrosoft DirectX 10PCI-E 2.0GigaThread technologyQuantum Effects technologyHDCP supportHDMI readyPureVideo HDCUDA technologyPhyX technology
D8352730	SLI technologynView Multi-Display technologyMicrosoft DirectX 10PCI-E 2.0GigaThread technologyHDCP supportHDMI readyPureVideo HDCUDA technologyPhyX technology
D8352861	Loaded with the features, the ATI Radeon HD 4600 series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units, support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity or take your experience to another level with multimedia capabilities. Do it all with break-through energy efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8352863	The Sapphire HD 4830 shares the award winning graphics architecture used in the existing HD 4800 series and offers the same features, but with an optimized specification and lower price point to deliver the best performance in its price category. With 640 shader engines and clock speeds of 575 MHz (core) and 900MHz (memory), it offers overall performance at a reduced price point.
D8352865	The ATI Radeon HD 4850 series GPUs deliver a cinematic gaming experience with unprecedented performance. The powerful TeraScale graphics will propel you deep into your gameplay with seamless frame rates and high resolutions. Enhanced anti-aliasing (AA) and anisotropic filtering create striking graphics with unparalleled realism so you can max out the settings of the most demanding next-generation games or revitalize your favorite titles. Play today while preparing for tomorrow with tessellation, support for DirectX 10.1 and scalable ATI CrossFireX technology.
D8352866	The ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPUs deliver a cinematic gaming experience with unprecedented performance. The powerful TeraScale graphics will propel you deep into your gameplay with seamless frame rates and high resolutions. Enhanced anti-aliasing (AA) and anisotropic filtering create striking graphics with unparalleled realism so you can max out the settings of the most demanding next-generation games or revitalize your favorite titles. Play today while preparing for tomorrow with tessellation, support for DirectX 10.1 and scalable ATI CrossFireX technology.
D8352867	The ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPUs deliver a cinematic gaming experience with unprecedented performance. The powerful TeraScale graphics will propel you deep into your gameplay with seamless frame rates and high resolutions. Enhanced anti-aliasing (AA) and anisotropic filtering create striking graphics with unparalleled realism so you can max out the settings of the most demanding next-generation games or revitalize your favorite titles. Play today while preparing for tomorrow with tessellation, support for DirectX 10.1 and scalable ATI CrossFireX technology.
D8352868	Witness firsthand DirectX 10 gaming and HD features without the prohibitive price tag. The Sapphire ATI Radeon HD 2400 PRO provides next generation hardware that promises immersive high definition gaming for Windows Vista and DirectX 10 with easy CrossFire multi-GPU upgradeability to run the hot titles of today and tomorrow. Delivering a fully loaded HD feature-set including support for ATI Avivo HD, HDMI connect ability, HD Audio and Blu-ray / HD DVD decoding via Universal Video Decoding technology, the Sapphire 2400 PRO exceeds the demands of the performance hungry Media PC. The Sapphire Radeon HD 2400 PRO with its robust hardware offerings such as: the much anticipated ATI Radeon HD 2400 PRO GPU, support for up to 256MB of onboard memory, 64-bit memory interface, silent passive cooling, and PCI Express native support will provide the pixel pounding muscle to drive the feature rich Windows Vista 3D environment and increase productivity. When paired with Sapphire industry leading innovation in hardware, there is little doubt that the Sapphire 2400 PRO will lead the industry in best features and value.
D8352869	The SAPPHIRE FirePSU 625W is the first in a new line of Power Supplies for the PC and workstation market. Workstation users are concerned about the stability and reliability of their systems to make their design work effective and efficient.
D8353039	Marketing description is not available.
D8353040	Marketing description is not available.
D8353041	Marketing description is not available.
D8353042	Marketing description is not available.
D8353043	Marketing description is not available.
D8353166	Shoot straight to DVD and capture all of the action in true widescreen via a 41x Canon advanced zoom. The DC411 even lets you record superior audio thanks to its microphone input jack.
D8353167	Affordable, sleek and easy-to-operate, the Canon DC420 gives you the convenience of DVD technology, along with the exclusive Canon 48x advanced zoom - a feature only possible with industry-leading optical technology. It also boasts Canon's advanced DIGIC DV II image processor, a 1.07-megapixel CCD, SD card image storage capability, quick start, now linked with the LCD panel, and joystick control. Canon has also made the DC420 compatible with lens-mounted Canon optical accessories to further enhance your creative choices. Add to that the long recording time available thanks to its high capacity battery and low power consumption and you'll see that the DC420 makes it simpler than ever to capture and share all the unforgettable moments of your life.
D8353168	The LEGRIA FS200 is Canon's smallest, most stylish standard definition digital video camera ever. This camera is feature packed with 41x zoom, high quality sensor and photos, Quick start, quick charge intelligent lithium battery, microphone socket and all the great benefits of a camera that will last into the future.
D8353169	The LEGRIA FS200 is Canon's smallest, most stylish standard definition digital video camera ever. This camera is feature packed with 41x zoom, high quality sensor and photos, Quick start, quick charge intelligent lithium battery, microphone socket and all the great benefits of a camera that will last into the future.
D8353170	Small enough to carry anywhere, the LEGRIA FS20 lets you shoot more than 5 hours of video to the built-in flash memory. Alternatively you can record straight to memory card - just perfect for sharing.
D8353172	Marketing description is not available.
D8353192	Uncompromising style and great value are fused in the Digital IXUS 95 IS. Ease of use is assured by smart auto mode, which uses scene detection to intelligently optimize settings for better pictures.
D8353193	Uncompromising style and great value are fused in the Digital IXUS 95 IS. Ease of use is assured by smart auto mode, which uses scene detection to intelligently optimize settings for better pictures.
D8353205	The need for increased server performance is unrelenting, thus DDR2 SDRAM has taken its place as the high-density standard for server main memory. Its advanced architecture gives DDR2 a host of advantages over earlier standards, such as faster speeds, better signal integrity, lower power consumption and better thermal characteristics.This advanced server memory architecture buffers the DRAM data pins from the channel and uses point-to-point links to eliminate the need for a stub bus. The buffers and repeaters help reduce the motherboard routing area. This architecture requires one-third fewer pins than registered DIMMs and also delivers excellent throughput and low latency.
D8353212	Flash forward to the Samsung Solid Data Drive. Samsung continues to lead in Flash memory technology with the all-Flash Solid State Drive. The Samsung SSD looks like a hard disk drive, but it doesn't like one.The reason is NAND Flash. It's the basis for the SSD's reliability, superior performance, and low total cost of ownership, impressive shock resistance and low power consumption.
D8353221	Programmable sequential/interleave burst modeOff-Chip Driver (OCD) impedance adjustmentOn die termination with selectable values (50/75/150 ohms or disable)All of base components are Lead-Free, Halogen-Free, and RoHS compliant
D8353284	Uncompromising style and great value are fused in the Digital IXUS 95 IS. Ease of use is assured by smart auto mode, which uses scene detection to intelligently optimize settings for better pictures.
D8353285	Uncompromising style and great value are fused in the Digital IXUS 95 IS. Ease of use is assured by smart auto mode, which uses scene detection to intelligently optimize settings for better pictures.
D8353345	The Digital IXUS 100 IS delivers exceptional style in an ultra-slim form. Beautiful photos are made easy by a host of intelligent Canon technologies, and can be supplemented by stunning HD video.With its ultra-slim metallic form, the Digital IXUS 100 IS takes digital camera design to new heights of elegance. Its combination of supremely slender profile and high performance is achieved by a combination of Canon technologies.The Digital IXUS 100 IS combats blur with Motion Detection technology. Activated in Smart Auto mode, this uses a range of technologies to ascertain movement of both camera and subject. The optimum ISO is then automatically set for any situation.
D8353663	Value-priced GeForce 8400GS now offers the features of the GeForce 8 series architecture for an incredible value. With Super size memory, GeForce 8400GS Super is designed for performance hunters to escape from memory capacity bottlenecks while playing the latest DirectX 9 and DirectX 10 games.
D8354281	Marketing description is not available.
D8356026	Marketing description is not available.
D8356085	Marketing description is not available.
D8356086	Marketing description is not available.
D8356112	Sony Optiarc's flagship product comes with a serial ATA interface. It burns DVDs in +/-R format at up to 24x speed and CDs at up to 48x speed. DVD-RAM, DVD+R and and DVD-R dual layer media the Sony Optiarc AD-7240S writes at up to 12x speed. DVD+RW discs are written with up to 8x speed and DVD-RWs at up to 6x speed. The AD-7240S achieves up to 16x reading speed with DVDs and 48x reading speed with CDs.
D8356323	Marketing description is not available.
D8357363	The LG Super-Multi GH22LS30 internal SATA DVD Rewriter features a 22x DVD±R write speed and SecurDisc technology that allows you to protect and share data securely. The GH22LS30 includes LightScribe which gives you the added feature of etching customized labels onto a special coated LightScribe disc. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH22LS30 reads and writes in many formats. Burn and guard your data with the LG GH22LS30.
D8357364	The LG Super-Multi GH22LS30 internal SATA DVD Rewriter features a 22x DVD±R write speed and SecurDisc technology that allows you to protect and share data securely. The GH22LS30 includes LightScribe which gives you the added feature of etching customized labels onto a special coated LightScribe disc. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH22LS30 reads and writes in many formats. Burn and guard your data with the LG GH22LS30.
D8357365	The fastest write speed of 22xSecurDisc/LightScribe Labeling
D8358368	Marketing description is not available.
D8358381	The Sound Blaster X-Fi XtremeMusic sound card harnesses the full power of the Creative X-Fi Xtreme Fidelity audio processor to Upgrade any existing library of MP3 or any music files to the Xtreme Fidelity audio standard. With the X-Fi Xtreme Fidelity 24-bit Crystalizer, MP3 music and movies are converted to Xtreme Fidelity, which delivers an experience beyond the original CD or DVD recordings. With the included Creative MediaSource 3 software suite, users can easily SuperRip all their digital music permanently to Xtreme Fidelity. In addition, MediaSource 3 also allows users to further enhance their music content with single-click access to rich features like X-Fi CMSS-3D, Smart Cross-Fade and Smart Volume Management. The Sound Blaster X-Fi XtremeMusic sound card plays back audio with rich 109dB SNR quality.
D8358689	High Performance Group (Hiper) was founded with the passion of providing computer users and customers the best innovative products and services. Always committed to excellence, Hiper strives to be the best in every aspect.
D8358691	Marketing description is not available.
D8360682	Marketing description is not available.
D8360698	The Freezer XTREME Rev.2 is an ultimate cooler for enthusiasts. Its optimized airflow design cools not only the CPU, but also the RAM, voltage regulators and north bridge. The Freezer XTREME Rev.2 offers excellent cooling performance in ultra quiet operation, a highly reliable cooling solution for maximizing overclockability.
D8360699	Marketing description is not available.
D8360701	The ASUS TA-8H features advanced ventilation design with great hard drive capacity. The advanced ventilation design enhances system cooling that provides great support up to 10 hardware devices.
D8360702	The slick paint coating creates a pleasurable look to the case. With the convenient front door, the TM-B2 offers easy operation to optical drive device.
D8361006	Elite 360 (RC-360) is a mini-tower that accommodates micro-ATX and ATX motherboards, built with a modern black design. This chassis maintains Elite's pedigree of compact-sized and quality build that would look great in any space. Elite 360 maintains a quiet environment while providing the option of adding 80mm bottom and rear fans, 120mm top and side fans to provide the best ventilation possible for a compact system.
D8361256	The continued expansion of Iiyama's Business range of displays see the introduction of the B2206WS, a high specification 22" widescreen LCD with height adjustability and screen rotation. Featuring a true 2msec response time and 10,000:1 advanced contrast ratio LCD panel, makes the B2206WS ideal for video conferencing, DTP and CAD as well as the usual text based applications. Analog and DVI inputs ensure compatibility with the latest systems and associated graphics cards.
D8361588	Acer's Extensa 5630 series comes with features suited to the progressive professional's daily life. With the mobile processor technology, graphics and full wireless communication, the Extensa 5630 series boosts mobility and efficiency of any professional user looking for perfect match between performance and price.
D8361771	Marketing description is not available.
D8362033	Maximize your notebook potential with 8GB of Corsair memoryInstall up to 8GB of DDR2 in your laptop for the ultimate in graphics performanceMaximizing memory will greatly improve your system performance and user experience
D8362034	Maximize your notebook potential with the 4GB of Corsair memoryInstall two at a time and have up to 8GB of DDR2 in your laptop for the ultimate in graphics performanceMaximizing memory will greatly improve your system performance and user experience
D8362052	Compartments for everything from pens, business cards, credit cards, power supplies, and your other notebook accessories. Separate removable pouch for your power supply coordinates with your bag and contrasts for easy identification. The shoulder straps and backside of the slim Backpack have extra padding and breathable mesh for maximum support and comfort. Convenient headphone grommet provides access to your MP3 player while keeping it safe and stored in a secure pocket.
D8362054	Designed to fit and complement your notebook, these sleeves offer plush-line fabric notebook compartments to keep your notebook secure and free from scratching. Its unique, asymmetrical zipper design makes it ideal for easy access to your notebook from the top or the side. You can use the sleeve inside another bag for easy carrying or on its own for on-site use.
D8362062	Belkin's Laptop CushDesk is uniquely designed to keep your legs protected from a hot laptop when using your laptop around the house on your couch, bed or floor. The gentle slope improves typing comfort and reduces neck strain, whilst an anti-slide strip keeps your laptop from slipping. Set your laptop on CushDesk and travel around the house, from the bed to the couch - anywhere you like to surf, email, or shop.
D8362490	Marketing description is not available.
D8362602	Marketing description is not available.
D8363343	Marketing description is not available.
D8363395	Marketing description is not available.
D8363397	The mission for SilverStone's Raven team is to design products with styling and features that exceed classic originals in boldness and intention. The RV01's stealth fighter inspired outer shell is styled aggressively but with a small hint of SilverStone's famed reservation by the use of only matte finish. This gives RV01 an unmistakable wow factor and a look that will remain pleasing for years to come. For the interior, a revolutionary layout was utilized to take advantage of a very simple natural phenomenon - heat rise, by rotating the motherboard 90 degree for air to rise up more smoothly over graphics card area. The RV01 has excellent cooling potential with its factory tuning perfectly balanced between performance and quietness.
D8363399	Marketing description is not available.
D8363404	Designed for use with mini-DTX and mini-ITX motherboards, the SG05 is the smallest Sugo yet. However, in keeping with the spirit of its Sugo name, the case is capable of swallowing many standard components while keeping everything cooled. For the first time in a case of this size class, the SG05 is equipped with a low speed 120mm fan that is mounted to create positive air pressure, ensuring good balance of cooling and quietness. Other notable features include the ability to accept 9-inch long graphics card, room for thicker 2.5-inch hard drives such as Western Digital's VelociRaptor, full-height for retail boxed CPU coolers, and an 80 PLUS certified SFX 300W power supply. For building a fast PC in the smallest possible form factor, the SG05 is without peers.
D8363538	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards. Dollar-for-dollar, this GPU packs great performance.
D8363540	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards.
D8363629	With all the possibilities DirectX 10 and Windows Vista is offering; it’s incredibly tempting to make the cross-over. Multimedia is changing; high working resolutions and big LCD screens are almost a commodity right now. What we need is a smart, all-round and high performance solution to fit all your graphic needs. And that's where the Point of View GeForce 8400GS comes in!With a core speed of 450 MHz and memory speed of 800 MHz, this card is a feisty little demon. Just like its bigger brothers and sisters of the GeForce 8 family, the 8400 GS has a full support for Shader Model 4.0. Through its DirectX 9 and 10 support you can play all the games at very acceptable frame rates. And easily connect your PC to your LCD television and play some high definition content with the NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology. Furthermore you'll be able to experience all the visual features of Windows Vista such as Windows sidebar, transparent windows, taskbar live preview and flip windows. Experience a faster desktop response and higher efficiency.The Point of View GeForce 8400GS is a perfect solution for your (media center) PC. If you want an all-round player without spending too much of money, this is your card!
D8363630	With all the possibilities DirectX 10 and Windows Vista is offering; it’s incredibly tempting to make the cross-over. Multimedia is changing; high working resolutions and big LCD screens are almost a commodity right now. What we need is a smart, all-round and high performance solution to fit all your graphic needs. And that's where the Point of View GeForce 8400GS comes in!With a core speed of 450 MHz and memory speed of 800 MHz, this card is a feisty little demon. Just like its bigger brothers and sisters of the GeForce 8 family, the 8400 GS has a full support for Shader Model 4.0. Through its DirectX 9 and 10 support you can play all the games at very acceptable frame rates. And easily connect your PC to your LCD television and play some high definition content with the NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology. Furthermore you'll be able to experience all the visual features of Windows Vista such as Windows sidebar, transparent windows, taskbar live preview and flip windows. Experience a faster desktop response and higher efficiency.The Point of View GeForce 8400GS is a perfect solution for your (media center) PC. If you want an all-round player without spending too much of money, this is your card!
D8363631	With all the possibilities DirectX 10 and Windows Vista is offering; it’s incredibly tempting to make the cross-over. Multimedia is changing; high working resolutions and big LCD screens are almost a commodity right now. What we need is a smart, all-round and high performance solution to fit all your graphic needs. And that's where the Point of View GeForce 8400GS comes in!With a core speed of 450 MHz and memory speed of 800 MHz, this card is a feisty little demon. Just like its bigger brothers and sisters of the GeForce 8 family, the 8400 GS has a full support for Shader Model 4.0. Through its DirectX 9 and 10 support you can play all the games at very acceptable frame rates. And easily connect your PC to your LCD television and play some high definition content with the NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology. Furthermore you'll be able to experience all the visual features of Windows Vista such as Windows sidebar, transparent windows, taskbar live preview and flip windows. Experience a faster desktop response and higher efficiency.The Point of View GeForce 8400GS is a perfect solution for your (media center) PC. If you want an all-round player without spending too much of money, this is your card!
D8363824	Mini digital TV tuner DVB-TUSB connector sliderImproved reception qualityBuilt-in IR eye for remote controlHD TV supportDigital video recorder
D8363825	Dual DVB-T tuners (2 tuners)Diversity - use both digital tuners at the same time to improve signal qualitySimultaneous viewing and recording of two different channelsPicture in pictureTime shifting, EPG, Teletext and digital video recorder with burning functionCrystal clear DVB-T reception moving at high speeds using diversity technique (up to 130 km/h)HD TV support
D8363826	Analog and digital terrestrial and cable TV receptionDVB-T, DVB-C and FM radio with RDSImproved reception qualityBuilt-in IR eye for remote controlHD TV supportDigital video recorder
D8363829	Marketing description is not available.
D8363830	Marketing description is not available.
D8363838	Marketing description is not available.
D8363839	Marketing description is not available.
D8363904	Marketing description is not available.
D8363905	Marketing description is not available.
D8363977	NVIDIA unified architectureNVIDIA PhysX-readyNVIDIA CUDA technologyGigaThread technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA Lumenex engineNVIDIA Quantum Effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideoTM HD technologyHDCP capable
D8364018	Marketing description is not available.
D8364551	Charge and play your iPhone in the car and easily call handsfree. With the TuneBase FM you can easily switch from playing your music to handsfree calling.
D8365408	Marketing description is not available.
D8365409	Marketing description is not available.
D8365410	Marketing description is not available.
D8365411	Marketing description is not available.
D8365412	Marketing description is not available.
D8365414	Marketing description is not available.
D8365416	Marketing description is not available.
D8365420	Marketing description is not available.
D8365736	With more gaming horsepower than ever before, the GeForce 200 Series GPU's processing cores make games feel like the real thing. Its powerful NVIDIA PhysX technology creates rich, immersive physical effects with stunningly accurate realism. Experience absolute immersion and a 50% pure performance boost than prior generation GPUs with the GeForce 200 Series GPU.Beyond the field of play, GeForce 200 Series graphics cards seamlessly shifts tasks from the CPU to the GPU, allowing you to dive into the latest Blu-ray movie, surf the web in 3D, or transcode video to a personal video player up to 7x faster than traditional CPUs. Now you can work and play at full speed.
D8365739	Marketing description is not available.
D8365742	The Club 3D 8400GS brings DirectX 10 technology to exteme low pricing levels. Excellent image quality and HD video technology will guarantee maximum Video entertainment up to 1920x1080p resolution. The perfect multimedia graphics solution.
D8365774	The Point of View Mobii is the perfect notebook for work, school or on the road. Ideal in size and weight and with all the features you would expect from a full-size workstation. A stylish and portable solution for your daily work!
D8365775	The Point of View Mobii is the perfect notebook for work, school or on the road. Ideal in size and weight and with all the features you would expect from a full-size workstation. A stylish and portable solution for your daily work!
D8365776	The Point of View Mobii is the perfect notebook for work, school or on the road. Ideal in size and weight and with all the features you would expect from a full-size workstation. A stylish and portable solution for your daily work!
D8365777	The Point of View Mobii is the perfect notebook for work, school or on the road. Ideal in size and weight and with all the features you would expect from a full-size workstation. A stylish and portable solution for your daily work!
D8365778	The Point of View Mobii is the perfect notebook for work, school or on the road. Ideal in size and weight and with all the features you would expect from a full-size workstation. A stylish and portable solution for your daily work!
D8365779	The Point of View Mobii is the perfect notebook for work, school or on the road. Ideal in size and weight and with all the features you would expect from a full-size workstation. A stylish and portable solution for your daily work!
D8365886	AOpen barebone chassis feature precise mechanical construction and are ready for FCC system approval. These cases reflect AOpen's commitment to quality and offer resellers a way to build systems of superior quality. Combine AOpen cases with industry-leading AOpen motherboards to get the best fit.
D8365958	Marketing description is not available.
D8365959	Marketing description is not available.
D8365960	Marketing description is not available.
D8365961	Marketing description is not available.
D8367896	The TL-WN360G 54Mbps wireless network mini PCI adapter is fully compatible with IEEE 802.11b and IEEE 802.11g standard. Its auto-sensing capability allows high packet transfer rates of up to 54Mbps for maximum throughput, or dynamic range shifting to lower speeds due to distance or operating limitations in an environment with a lot of electromagnetic interference. It can also interoperate with all the 11Mbps wireless (802.11b) products. Your wireless communications are protected by WPA/WPA2 encryption for high security.
D8369654	LG's 61 series LCD monitors combine superior technology with convenient features that provide clearer, crisper and a more color accurate image in an economical solution.
D8369655	LG's 53 series is ideal for consumers who work with graphics-intensive applications such as CAD/AutoCad, or those that work with graphic or video editing in high-definition. The 53 series also features 16:9 aspect ratio screens to eliminate image stretching and provide a crisp, clear image.
D8369656	The W53 series' SMART feature is cinema mode, which eliminates distractions when watching online videos. This unique setting blacks out everything except for the video clip, focusing the viewer's attention on the desired content and not on distracting ads. Continuing the working smart and reducing eyestrain theme, these monitors also include a timer that reminds users to take a break from their work at predetermined intervals. Reminders can easily be set to once per hour or at specific times through the same easy-to-use interface that controls the monitor's settings.Helping further eliminate distractions, a proximity sensor under the W53's bezel detects when a hand approaches the screen and activates lights that make buttons easy to find when they are needed. When not in use, the lights disappear, giving the monitor a sleeker, cleaner look.
D8369657	No more putting up with unrealistic images. With its significantly expanded 16:9 screen size and superior Full HD picture resolution the W43 series monitor from LG gives you reason to believe in life after distortion. Add to this an impeccably beautiful glossy finish and your world of entertainment never looked so good.With glossy black surfaces and smooth flowing lines, LG W43 series has a refined design that is captivating in every direction. The soft and sensuous design is perfected by an asymmetric power LED, which is usually featured only in premium models. Be prepared to be impressed by your movie zone every time you enter your room.
D8369667	No more putting up with unrealistic images.With its significantly expanded 16:9 screen size and superior full HD picture resolution the W43 monitor from LG gives you reason to believe in life after distortion.Add to this an impeccably beautiful glossy finish and your world of entertainment never looked so good. Witness the clearer picture you always wished for.
D8369668	Increase your desktop entertainment with LG's 22" (21.5" viewable) Full HD 1080p 16:9 widescreen LCD monitor, W2261VP-PF.
D8370842	Join the many schools, consumers, businesses and government groups that use Kingston's standard Secure Digital cards when using SD-enabled devices. With the built-in write-protection switch to prevent accidental data loss, Kingston's legendary quality assurance and affordable price - you'll get peace of mind and the best price-to-performance value.Kingston's standard Secure Digital (SD) memory cards combine massive storage capacity, blazing data transfer rates and ironclad security in a memory card no bigger than a postage stamp. With an excellent price-to-performance value, Kingston's SD cards are ideal expansion option for the smallest of devices including MP3 players, digital cameras, PDAs, smartphones and more.For added reliability and durability, the solid-state SD memory cards are built of nonvolatile memory components and have no moving parts to wear out or break.Quickly and easily download and transfer digital files between various digital devices, a computer and the Internet. An SD memory card reader makes it easy to upload files from an SD memory card to a computer.
D8374374	Acer's Extensa 5630 series comes with features suited to the progressive professional's daily life. With the mobile processor technology, graphics and full wireless communication, the Extensa 5630 series boosts mobility and efficiency of any professional user looking for perfect match between performance and price.
D8374697	The GA-G41M-ES2L based on the Intel G41 chipset supports the latest Intel 45nm CPUs, creating a powerful multi-media platform which allows users to do more at once. At the heart of the Intel G41 Express chipset is the Intel X4500 graphics media accelerator, which support DX10 and features several unique innovations including more Execution Units for enhanced 3D performance and Intel Clear Video technology for sharper images and precise color control.
D8375431	The Sapphire HD 4850 1GB is a version of the HD 4850 designed by Sapphire for the user who demands more memory for specific applications like rendering. It offers similar overall performance to the standard model, with clock speeds of 625MHz (core) and 993MHz (memory).
D8375739	Further equipped with 216 Stream processor, GeForce GTX 260 is to provide ultimate gaming and home entertaining experience whether it's ripping through DirectX 10 games at blazing fast frame rates, experiencing a new world of realistic physical motion and massively destructible environment, transcoding HD video to you portable video player, or helping discover a cure for cancer via Folding@home, you can put your PC to work for you with the power of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 260 GPUs.
D8375962	This motherboard supports the Intel Quad-Core processors. It also can support Intel next generation 45nm multi-core CPU. It's excellent for multi-tasking, multi-media and enthusiastic gamers with 1600 (O.C)/1333/1066/800 MHz FSB. Intel Quad-Core is one of the most powerful CPU in the world.This motherboard supports the Intel Core 2 processors. With Intel Core micro architecture technology and 1066 MHz FSB, Intel Core 2 processor is one of the most powerful and energy efficient CPU in the world.The motherboard and its packaging comply with the European Union's Restriction on the use of Hazardous Substances (RoHS). This is in line with the ASUS vision of creating environment-friendly and recyclable products and packaging to safeguard consumers' health while minimizing the impact on the environment.
D8376078	This Micro USB CLA + Cable can charge any USB-powered device in the car.
D8376355	A gamer's dream! This gaming chassis with its four pre-installed fans (1x 220mm and 3x 120mm) offers not only outstanding cooling but also holds enough space for an E-ATX mainboard. The ergonomic and smooth-lines coupled with patented and easy-to-use fastening clips for the ODD and HDD installation will make this gaming chassis a leading force.
D8376356	A gamer's dream! This gaming chassis with its four pre-installed fans (1x 220mm and 3x120 mm) offers not only outstanding cooling but also holds enough space for an E-ATX mainboard. The ergonomic and smooth-lines coupled with patented and easy-to-use fastening clips for the ODD and HDD installation will make this gaming chassis a leading force.
D8376824	Seagate external desktop drives provide extra storage for your ever-growing collection of files. Instantly add space for more files, consolidate all of your files to a single location, or free-up space on your computer's internal drive for improved performance.Setup is straight forward, simply plug in the included power supply and USB cable and you are ready to go. It is automatically recognized by Windows, so there is no software to install and nothing to configure. Saving files is easy too, just drag-and-drop.It's not just easy to use, but it's fast and energy efficient too. Enjoy fast data transfer speed with USB 2.0 connectivity and 7200 RPM drive performance. Built-in power management ensures energy-efficient operation.
D8376960	Canon's update to the wildly popular full frame EOS 5D is here, and it's better than ever. The EOS 5D Mark II has a stunning 21.1-megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor with DIGIC 4 image processor, a vast ISO range of 100-6400, plus EOS technologies like auto lighting optimizer and peripheral illumination correction. It supports Live View shooting, Live View HD videos, and more. It can shoot up to 3.9 fps, has 9 AF points plus 6 AF assist points, a 98% coverage viewfinder, a 3.0-inch Clear View LCD and a rugged build.
D8377620	Enermax Aeolus CP001G integrated with a 25cm slim monster fan offers wide area cooling, so there are no hot spots on NB as with small fan cooling pads.
D8377621	Enermax Aeolus CP001G integrated with a 25cm slim monster fan offers wide area cooling, so there are no hot spots on NB as with small fan cooling pads.
D8378498	Dual-channel DDR2 1300Longer life and higher efficiencySystem level energy savingASUS stylish heatsinkActive quiet and coolTurboVTurbo KeyPlug and safeEasy and comfortable installationsMake connection quick and accurateConveniently store or load multiple BIOS settingsEliminate background noise while recordingSATA on the goEnjoy high-end sound system on your PCGreenASUS
D8378499	This motherboard supports the latest PCIe 2.0 devices for double speed and bandwidth which enhances system performance. It also supports DDR2 memory that features data transfer rates of 1300 / 1200 / 1066 / 800 / 667 MHz to meet the higher bandwidth requirements of the latest operation system, 3D graphics, multimedia, and Internet applications. The dual-channel DDR2 architecture doubles the bandwidth of your system memory to boost system performance, eliminating bottlenecks with peak bandwidths of up to 20.8GB/s.ATI's CrossFireX boosts image quality along with rendering speed, eliminating the need to scale down screen resolution to get high quality images. CrossFireX allows higher anti-aliasing, anisotropic filtering, shading, and texture settings. Adjust your display configurations, experiment with the advanced 3D settings, and check the effects with the real-time 3D-rendered previews within ATI Catalyst control center.The motherboard supports the next-generation hard drives based on the Serial ATA (SATA) 3Gb/s storage specification, delivering enhanced scalability and doubling the bus bandwidth for high-speed data retrieval and saves. The external SATA port located at the back I/O provides smart setup and hot-plug functions. Easily backup photos, videos and other entertainment contents on external devices!
D8378500	HyperTransport 3.0 supportDual-channel DDR2 106664-bit CPU supportAMD 760GBoosted Performance with onboard GPU and discrete graphics cardGigabit LANHigh definition audioCrashFree BIOS 3EZ Flash2C.P.R. (CPU Parameter Recall)Compliance with the RoHS Directive
D8378501	HyperTransport 3.0 supportDual channel DDR2 1066AMD Cool 'n' Quiet! technologyNVIDIA GeForce 720DSerial ATA 3Gb/sPCIe 2.0 supportSystem level energy savingASUS Q-FanMinimize noise and power consumption when temporarily awayTurbo KeyGreenASUS
D8378502	M2A74-AM supports AMD Socket AM2+ multi-core processors. It features dual-channel DDR2 1066 memory support, data transfer rate up to 2600MT/s via HyperTransport 1.0 based system bus, and AMD Cool 'n' Quiet technology. This motherboard supports AMD AM3 multi-core processors with unique L3 cache and delivers better overclocking capabilities with less power consumption. This motherboard also supports AMD CPUs in the 45nm manufacturing process.
D8379611	Simply plug the Cinergy Hybrid Stick into a USB port on your computer, install the TerraTec Home Cinema Basic TV software provided, and just like that, the world of mobile TV is open to you. The Cinergy Hybrid Stick includes everything you need to turn your laptop, netbook or desktop computer into a television with built-in video recorder and many other functions - a mini rod antenna for mobile DVB-T reception is included. You are free to choose whether to watch digital television via DVB-T or conventional analog television. No batteries required at all.
D8379612	TV with time shifting, Teletext and EPG controlled recordingsElectronic program guideDigital video recorder with DVD authoring
D8380498	MSI N260GTX series supports for NVIDIA PhyX technology enables a totally new class of physical gaming interaction for a more dynamic and realistic experience.2nd-generation architecture delivers more gaming performance through 192 enhanced processing cores that provide incredible shading horsepower.CUDA technology unlocks the power of the GPU's processing cores to accelerate the most demanding system tasks - such as video transcoding - delivering up to 18 x the performance of traditional CPUs.MSI N260GTX series graphics card supports NVIDIA HybridPower technology, switching from discrete GPU to mainboard GeForce GPU as running non graphics-intensive applications for a quiet, low-power PC experience.
D8380797	With more gaming horsepower than ever before, the GeForce 200 series GPU's processing cores make games feel like the real thing. Its powerful NVIDIA PhysX technology creates rich, immersive physical effects with stunningly accurate realism. Experience absolute immersion and a 50% pure performance boost than prior generation GPUs with the GeForce 200 series GPU.Beyond the field of play, GeForce 200 series graphics cards seamlessly shifts tasks from the CPU to the GPU, allowing you to dive into the latest Blu-ray movie, surf the web in 3D, or transcode video to a personal video player up to 7x faster than traditional CPUs. Now you can work and play at full speed.
D8381211	Marketing description is not available.
D8381371	Your PC is now more visual than ever. Realize more vibrant photos, smoother videos and more realistic gaming with the Club 3D 9400 GT. Enjoy an improved 3D user experience, astounding video-watching, and lifelike game play at the lowest price point in Club 3D GeForce 9 series GPUs.
D8384017	The Sapphire PURE CrossFireX 790GX AM3 is designed for AMD Phenom II AM3 true quad-core processors and next generation graphics with high speed DDR3 DRAM module. Performance, scalability, and personalization are coupled with an innovative and efficient design incorporating ATI CrossFireX and Hybrid CrossFire technologies. Cut to the chase and open up the system BIOS to mad tweaking for the hardcore overclocker, via real-time control and then using the AMD OverDrive utility. Gets the power of multi GPU graphics behind you to experience the ultimate in high definition gaming. Loaded with next generation technologies like PCI Express 2.0 and HyperTransport 3.0 technology, get the ammo you need in gaming, HD editing, and high resolution video to lead the pack, not follow it. Build your dream PC. Start with a Sapphire Pure CrossFireX 790GX AM3 motherboard.
D8384209	Wind Top AE1900 is integrated in design, selecting an elegant with a glassy frame, which displays the simplicity of modern individualism and the comfort of home. Furthermore, it is accompanied with the best computer features, such as instant message, low acoustics, and energy saving and 802.11 b/g/n wireless Internet capability so you may roam freely in the realm of cyberspace.Wind Top AE1900 is certainly ahead of its time, especially with the touch screen function brings the world right between your fingertips, added a friendly interface, all of the functions are simply right within your grasp. The 19-inch 16:9 screen offers 160 degrees of horizontally wide range of visual enjoyment. It also continues the light and delicacy style of the all-in-one series so you may enjoy all the freedom for your workspace, keeping things simple and flexible.
D8384211	The GT725 is equipped with the theater-class bass speakers and four track audio recognized by Dolby Surround Sound, so you can experience the complete audio dimensions while gaming. The bass speakers can provide the most shocking low-end effects for more realism in sound. The gamers will enjoy the total thrills and excitement of being inside the game while playing in the most mundane places.The outer body is once again surrounded with the ingenious flame design as an extension of the previous G-series' unique element, symbolizing the essence of speed, marking the total presence of the G-series. Furthermore, the GT725 has selected aluminum as the base for MSI's exterior, and adding the metallic threads for design on the cover, giving it an outstanding sense of fashion. The high quality feel of the body added with the flames as the concept of speed, the GT725 is a must-have accessory for the modern stylish games obsessed with speed, a totally new experience in gaming.The best ATI Mobility Radeon HD 4850 3D Graphic Card delivers remarkable performance and an unsurpassed acceleration for spectacular gaming. Experience a more fluid, more detailed, more realistic 3D high-definition while playing the game or watching movie. Never a moment of delay to occur, feel the excitement!Via a single cable, HDMI output connector not only enables 5Gbps data transfers, but also provides pristine transmission of high-definition digital video and digital audio up to 1080p resolution- allowing easy connection of HD enabled equipment such as HD monitor, HD TV, or HD projector for the best multimedia experience. With this impeccable video quality, the GT725 offers you the best way to enjoy your favorite movie titles and TV programs.
D8384212	The GT627 is a must-have accessory for the modern stylish games obsessed with speed, a totally new experience in gaming. It has selected aluminum as the base for the exterior, and adding the metallic threads for design on the cover, giving it an outstanding sense of fashion.The GT627 has applied the aerodynamic touchpad design, so all you have to do is to touch gently on the touch sensor to start any applications while operating, just as simple as that.MSI exclusive VIVID LCD technology is able to display signals for a better richness in colors. The colors from the monitors of the GT627 have an intense sense of levels, and you can even detect in the presence of the finest details. Whether you are playing a computer game, editing images, or watching movies, the images are presented as 3-dimensional as it possibly gets.With impeccable video quality, the GT627 enables the computer generated images to be more lifelike and clear, incredibly suitable for the gaming consoles and online games.
D8384474	Club 3D HD4890 graphics card is based on ATI RV790 technology. Tear through the games with seamless frame rates and go beyond HD with the power of the Club 3D HD4890 graphics card. Building on the strength of the Club 3D HD4800 series award-winning architecture, this graphics card stands out from the rest with massive graphics processing muscle. Take ultimate control over your game and crank it up with scalable performance. Go ahead, max out the settings and put the Club 3D HD4890 through its paces.
D8386205	SATA native command queuingSupports staggered spin upHot-plug capabilityDevice-initiated power managementATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantATA automatic acoustic management feature setAsynchronous signal loss notificationPMR technologyFlying-on-Demand technologyNoiseGuard and SilentSeek noise suppression
D8386210	With more gaming horsepower than ever before, the GeForce 200 series GPU's processing cores make games feel like the real thing. Its powerful NVIDIA PhysX technology creates rich, immersive physical effects with stunningly accurate realism. Experience absolute immersion and a 50% pure performance boost than prior generation GPUs with the GeForce 200 series GPU.Beyond the field of play, GeForce 200 series graphics cards seamlessly shifts tasks from the CPU to the GPU, allowing you to dive into the latest Blu-ray movie, surf the web in 3D, or transcode video to a personal video player up to 7x faster than traditional CPUs. Now you can work and play at full speed.
D8386305	Powered by Radeon HD 4890 GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10.1 and OpenGL 2.1 supportIntegrated with the first 1GB GDDR5 memory and 256-bit memory interfaceSupports CrossFireX and Avivo HD technologyFeatures Dual dual-link DVI-I / D-sub (by adapter) / HDMI (By adapter) / HDCP
D8386371	Marketing description is not available.
D8386796	Marketing description is not available.
D8386797	Marketing description is not available.
D8386799	Marketing description is not available.
D8386801	Marketing description is not available.
D8388684	The ENGTS250 series is well equipped in the thermal department, with the specially designed Dark Knight fansink delivering extreme cooling and low noise-levels - greatly enhancing gaming enjoyment. Additionally, with inclusion of the EMI shield, covered chokes, low RDS(on) MOSFETs, and solid capacitors, users will achieve extreme performance and peace of mind at the same time; and the ENGTS250 DK/HTDI/1GD3 comes equipped with a mammoth-sized 1G of onboard memory ideal for feature-rich DirectX 10 gaming at ultra-high resolutions.
D8393090	The GA-EG45M-UD2H based on the Intel G45 chipset supports the Intel 45nm CPUs and integrates support for HDMI, DVI and HDCP, creating a powerful multi-media platform which allows users to do more at once. At the heart of the Intel G45 Express chipset is the Intel X4500HD graphics media accelerator, which features several unique innovations including more Execution Units for enhanced 3D performance and Intel Clear Video Technology for sharper images and precise color control. The G45 chipset also supports smoother HD video playback, and includes support for Blu-ray and HD-DVD formats, thanks to built-in hardware video decode acceleration. The GA-EG45M-UD2H introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology featuring a 2 oz copper PCB to help reduce system temperature and dramatically enhance performance.
D8393136	Marketing description is not available.
D8393137	The XMS Series HX3X12G1600C9 is a 12288 MByte kit of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs built using Corsair's high performance heat sink which includes Intel's Extreme Memory Profiles (XMP 1.2). This part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of X58 DDR3-based motherboards. It has been tested extensively in popular X58 motherboards to ensure compatibility and performance at its rated speed.
D8393138	The XMS3 family is Corsair's mainstream line of performance DDR3 memory. These modules allow users to experience outstanding memory performance and stability.
D8393139	Corsair built its reputation on performance memory that shines in the most demanding computing situations: extreme gaming and high-transaction processing environments. But not all computers are put to such extreme usage. So Corsair Microsystems brought the same reliability, testing and Corsair quality to a line of memory designed to support standard computing situations such as popular office applications. Now it’s one of the most popular memory lines.
D8393140	Corsair built its reputation on performance memory that shines in the most demanding computing situations: extreme gaming and high-transaction processing environments. But not all computers are put to such extreme usage. So Corsair Microsystems brought the same reliability, testing and Corsair quality to a line of memory designed to support standard computing situations such as popular office applications. Now it’s one of the most popular memory lines.
D8393446	ProLite 1730SR is based on the 5-wire resistive technology. Price / performance ratio is ideal for the budget conscious user while quality and specification is certainly not compromised. The display inputs include both analog and digital (DVI) with touchscreen connectivity via either USB or RS-232 which offers greater than typical flexibility. A solid and steady base supports the touchscreen with an adjustable stand offering full 90-degree angles.
D8393448	ProLite T1530SR is based on the latest 5 Wire Resistive technology. Price / performance ratio is ideal for the budget conscious user while quality and specification is certainly not compromised. The display inputs include both analog and digital (DVI) with Touchscreen connectivity via either USB or RS-232 which offers greater than typical flexibility. A solid and steady base supports the TouchScreen with an adjustable stand offering full 90 degree angles. Extensive Touch Utilities allow for 4 point calibration and either 9/25 point linerization. An incredibly powerful Touch solution.
D8395276	AOpen S135B is a unique mini-ITX housing. It can be placed horizontally or vertically. And its installation is easy. With its 60W power supply unit, you can easily tell how much it saves for your electricity bill.
D8395277	Marketing description is not available.
D8395299	Loaded with the latest features, the Club 3D HD 4650 delivers a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics chips. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Equip your system with a Club 3D HD 4650 graphics card to watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that delivers new levels of performance in the mainstream segment.
D8395300	The Club 3D 8400GS brings DirectX 10 technology to exteme low pricing levels. Excellent image quality and HD video technology will guarantee maximum Video entertainment up to 1920x1080p resolution. The perfect multimedia graphics solution.
D8399454	Charge any USB-powered device in the carQuick-charge USB port for fastest possible charge
D8399830	Suitable for up to 15.4" notebooks or three half-chickens with side dishes, the Digitus Lifestylebag features padded compartments that are perfect for notebook, mobile telephone, MP3-player and mobile HDD or anything else that could be needed for any occasion.
D8399831	Suitable for up to 15.4" notebooks or three half-chickens with side dishes, the Digitus Funky Function features padded compartments that are perfect for notebook, mobile telephone, MP3-player and mobile HDD or anything else that could be needed for any occasion.
D8399832	Suitable for up to 15.4" notebooks or three half-chickens with side dishes, the Digitus Lifestylebag features padded compartments that are perfect for notebook, mobile telephone, MP3-player and mobile HDD or anything else that could be needed for any occasion.
D8399833	Suitable for up to 15.4" notebooks without extensive preparations for the journey, the Digitus Lifestylebag features padded compartments that are perfect for notebook, cell phone, MP3 player and mobile HDD and for everything that might be required for any occasion.
D8399834	Marketing description is not available.
D8399835	Marketing description is not available.
D8399836	Marketing description is not available.
D8399837	Marketing description is not available.
D8399838	Marketing description is not available.
D8399839	Marketing description is not available.
D8399840	Marketing description is not available.
D8399841	Marketing description is not available.
D8399842	Marketing description is not available.
D8399843	Marketing description is not available.
D8399844	The DIGITUS SFP Switch is optimized for telecommunication businesses with high flexibility. The support of the Simple Network Management Protocol and the Remote Monitoring standard is the easiest way of integration into the existing network and the existing surveillance software. The Management ability makes the administration of your network more efficient. The Quality of Service function allows a dynamic bandwidth usage. The Flow-Control and the integrated Access Control List (ACL) ensure a safe data transmission. Four Gigabit combo ports where RJ45 ports or fiber SFP ports can be chosen, these ports offer enough power for now and for the future.
D8407095	SD High Capacity (SDHC) is the SD memory card based on the SDA 2.0 specification. Benefits include larger capacity- file system changes from FAT 12/16 to FAT32, and higher data transfer speed- SD speed class, CPRM copyright protection-same protection as SD and compact and slim.The speed class specification classifies performance by class number and offers the method to calculate its performance. The specification enables the host to perform real time AV applications recording with SD memory cards.
D8407250	The MC100CM is a media converter designed to convert 100BASE-FX fiber to 100Base-TX copper media or vice versa. Designed under IEEE 802.3u 10/100Base-TX and 100Base-FX standards, the MC100CM is designed for use with multi-mode fiber cable utilizing the SC-Type connector. The MC100CM supports longwave (LX) laser specification at a full wire speed forwarding rate. It works at 1310nm on both transmitting and receiving data.Other features of this module include the ability to be used as a stand alone device (no chassis required)or with TP-LINK's 19''system chassis, Auto MDI/MDI-X for TX port, Auto negotiation of duplex mode on TX port, and front panel status LEDs. The MC100CM will transmit at extended fiber optic distances utilizing multi-mode fiber up to 2 kilometers.
D8407251	The MC110CS is a media converter designed to convert 100BASE-FX fiber to 100Base-TX copper media or vice versa. Designed under IEEE 802.3u 10/100Base-TX and 100Base-FX standards, the MC110CS is designed for use with single-mode fiber cable utilizing the SC-Type connector. The MC110CS supports longwave (LX) laser specification at a full wire speed forwarding rate. It works at 1310nm on both transmitting and receiving data.Other features of this module include the ability to be used as a stand alone device (no chassis required) or with TP-LINK's 19" system chassis, Auto MDI/MDI-X for TX port, auto negotiation of duplex mode on TX port, and front panel status LEDs. The MC110CS will transmit at extended fiber optic distances utilizing single-mode fiber up to 20 kilometers.
D8407252	The MC111CS is a media converter designed to convert 100BASE-FX fiber to 100Base-TX copper media or vice versa. Adopting WDM technology, MC111CS takes only one fiber cable to transmit and receive data, which will save half cabling cost for you. Designed under IEEE 802.3u 10/100Base-TX and 100Base-FX standards, the MC111CS is designed for use with single-mode fiber cable utilizing the SC-Type connector. The MC111CS supports longwave (LX) laser specification at a full wire speed forwarding rate. It works at 1550nm on transferring data and at 1310nm on receiving data. So the other end device to cooperate with the MC111CS should work at 1310nm on transferring data and at 1550nm on receiving data.Other features of this module include the ability to be used as a stand alone device (no chassis required) or with TP-LINK's 19" system chassis, Auto MDI/MDI-X for TX port, auto negotiation of duplex mode on TX port, and front panel status LEDs. The MC111CS will transmit at extended fiber optic distances utilizing single-mode fiber up to 20 kilometers.
D8407253	The MC112CS is a media converter designed to convert 100BASE-FX fiber to 100Base-TX copper media or vice versa. Adopting WDM technology, MC112CS takes only one fiber cable to transmit and receive data, which will save half cabling cost for you. Designed under IEEE 802.3u 10/100Base-TX and 100Base-FX standards, the MC112CS is designed for use with single-mode fiber cable utilizing the SC-Type connector. The MC112CS supports longwave (LX) laser specification at a full wire speed forwarding rate. It works at 1310nm on transferring data and at 1550nm on receiving data. So the other end device to cooperate with the MC112CS should work at 1550nm on transferring data and at 1310nm on receiving data. Another TP-LINK's media converter MC111CS is just one of the examples to cooperate with MC112CS.Other features of this module include the ability to be used as a stand alone device (no chassis required), Auto MDI/MDI-X for TX port, Auto negotiation of duplex mode on TX port, and front panel status LEDs. The MC112CS will transmit at extended fiber optic distances utilizing single-mode fiber up to 20 kilometers.
D8407254	The MC200CM is a media converter designed to convert 1000BASE-SX fiber to 1000Base-T copper media or vice versa. Designed under IEEE802.3ab 1000Base-T and IEEE802.3z 1000Base-SX standards, the MC200CM is designed for use with multi-mode fiber cable utilizing the SC-Type connector. The MC200CM supports shortwave (SX) laser specification at a full wire speed forwarding rate. It works at 850nm on both transmitting and receiving data.Other features of this module include the ability to be used as a stand alone device (no chassis required) or with TP-LINK's 19'system chassis, Auto MDI/MDI-X for TX port, and front panel status LEDs. The MC200CM will transmit at extended fiber optic distances utilizing multi-mode fiber up to 0.55 kilometers.
D8407255	The MC210CS is a media converter designed to convert 1000BASE-LX/LH fiber to 1000Base-T copper media or vice versa. Designed under IEEE802.3ab 1000Base-T and IEEE802.3z 1000Base-LX/LH standards, the MC210CS is designed for use with single-mode fiber cable utilizing the SC-Type connector. The MC210CS supports longwave (LX) laser specification at a full wire speed forwarding rate. It works at 1310nm on both transmitting and receiving data.Other features of this module include the ability to be used as a stand alone device (no chassis required) or with TP-LINK's 19''system chassis, Auto MDI/MDI-X for TX port, and front panel status LEDs. The MC210CS will transmit at extended fiber optic distances utilizing single-mode fiber up to 15 kilometers.
D8407367	Marketing description is not available.
D8407368	Marketing description is not available.
D8407369	Marketing description is not available.
D8407370	Marketing description is not available.
D8407371	Marketing description is not available.
D8407372	Marketing description is not available.
D8407373	Marketing description is not available.
D8407425	This card is designed to maximize the latest DirectX 10.1 games - like the amazingly optimized "Hawx," with extreme HD resolutions, high-performance anisotropic filtering and 24x customer filter anti-aliasing. So what does this mean for you? The most realistic dogfights ever. Unprecedented gaming. And an unparalleled Blu-ray movie experience complete with full 1080p display resolution.Whether you're a power lover, a speed demon, or want an immersive entertainment experience, the XFX Radeon HD 4890 is positively lethal. And absolutely hits the target.
D8408417	Cooler Master has developed yet another top quality mid tower chassis, Gladiator 600. It has a pure elegant black exterior, exuding an understated but extraordinary mystery that delivers heroic style. The chassis has a fully meshed front panel with a 120mm blue LED fan for excellent airflow. Furthermore, Cooler Master uses a burnished material on the I/O panel, symbolizing the victory belt of a true gladiator.
D8408503	Marketing description is not available.
D8408820	Marketing description is not available.
D8408821	Marketing description is not available.
D8412870	With the EOS 500D, every side of your story comes alive. Capture every detail in stunning 15.1 megapixels resolution, or switch to shooting pin-sharp full high definition video.The EOS 500D combines exceptional still shooting with the ability to shoot Full HD (1080p) video. For occasions when larger amounts of footage need to be stored on a memory card, users can also choose to shoot at 720p or VGA resolution. An HDMI connection allows high definition playback of footage and images on any HDTV.
D8412871	With the EOS 500D, every side of your story comes alive. Capture every detail in stunning 15.1 megapixels resolution, or switch to shooting pin-sharp full high definition video.The EOS 500D combines exceptional still shooting with the ability to shoot Full HD (1080p) video. For occasions when larger amounts of footage need to be stored on a memory card, users can also choose to shoot at 720p or VGA resolution. An HDMI connection allows high definition playback of footage and images on any HDTV.
D8412872	With the EOS 500D, every side of your story comes alive. Capture every detail in stunning 15.1 megapixels resolution, or switch to shooting pin-sharp full high definition video.The EOS 500D combines exceptional still shooting with the ability to shoot Full HD (1080p) video. For occasions when larger amounts of footage need to be stored on a memory card, users can also choose to shoot at 720p or VGA resolution. An HDMI connection allows high definition playback of footage and images on any HDTV.
D8412873	Perfect for expanding your creative options on compact cameras and entry-level EOS DSLRs, Canon's Speedlite 270EX adds power and flexibility for enhanced flash photography anywhere. Light, compact and small enough to fit in your pocket, Speedlite 270EX features 2-step coverage for 28mm and 50mm focal lengths, plus a highly useful bounce-flash function for amazingly easy, polished results. An indispensable complement to your Canon camera, Speedlite 270EX is a perfect extension of your photographic genius.
D8413567	With a 10 megapixels Canon CMOS sensor and 20x wide-angle zoom for incredible reach, the PowerShot SX1 IS offers continuous shooting up to 4fps and can supplement photos with Full HD videos.The PowerShot SX1 IS is the first Canon compact camera to incorporate a Canon CMOS sensor, which allows high resolution shooting in exceptionally rapid bursts. The sensor boasts 10 megapixels for capturing the finest detail, allowing creative cropping and superb large-scale prints.The PowerShot SX1 IS combats potential blur with High ISO Auto and Motion Detection technology, which ascertains movement of both camera and subject to set the optimum ISO, whatever the shooting situation. Servo AF tracks moving subjects to ensure they remain in focus.
D8415101	Leaders of the pack seeking monster performance, look no further. With four execution cores, the Intel Core 2 Quad processor blows through processor-intensive tasks in demanding multitasking environments and makes the most of highly threaded applications. Whether you're creating multimedia, annihilating your gaming enemies, or running compute-intensive applications at one time, new quad-core processing will change the way you do everything. Pioneer the new world of quad-core and unleash the power of multithreading.
D8415162	MSI notebook has set out to make another monumental landmark in the industry with pure passion and the determination for fashion and quality, making its way toward the very finest in notebook computer designs with the X-Slim series.The X340 has ingeniously applied fashionable curves in its design which successfully abandoned the cold and lifeless vibe of the traditional notebook computers. The material is gentler to the touch compared the metal, and the paint finish is glazed and UV processed, added with the perfect ratio as a total package, creating the most simplistic yet modern styling, fitting for the most contemporary trend anywhere.With all these unique features, it proves that the X340 is not only a fashionable and appealing notebook computer; it also set very high marks for the entire industry.These great reasons are why the X340 should be highly recommended to all of the contemporary metropolitans anywhere.
D8415163	MSI notebook has set out to make another monumental landmark in the industry with pure passion and the determination for fashion and quality, making its way toward the very finest in notebook computer designs with the X-Slim series.The X340 has ingeniously applied fashionable curves in its design which successfully abandoned the cold and lifeless vibe of the traditional notebook computers. The material is gentler to the touch compared the metal, and the paint finish is glazed and UV processed, added with the perfect ratio as a total package, creating the most simplistic yet modern styling, fitting for the most contemporary trend anywhere.With all these unique features, it proves that the X340 is not only a fashionable and appealing notebook computer; it also set very high marks for the entire industry.These great reasons are why the X340 should be highly recommended to all of the contemporary metropolitans anywhere.
D8417491	Gainward's award winning High-Performance/Wide-Bandwidth hardware design powered by NVIDIA's GeForce 8400GS GPU which offers enhanced, leading-edge performance for the 3D enthusiasts.
D8417510	It is said that beauty is in the eye of the beholder. The same can be said for works of art. When you take a photograph, you are capturing your artistic ideas through imagery. The time has come for you as a photographer to invigorate and expand your artistic spirit through printing. The best way to reach these extraordinary heights is to print, exhibit and preserve your works of art up to 13" x 19" with the Pro9500 Mark II Inkjet Photo Printer.The revered 10-full color pigment LUCIA ink system includes gray, black and matte black inks that collectively produce monochrome photographs of unrivaled quality when using the professional finish and texture of Canon Fine Art Photo Papers. These genuine Canon papers combined with LUCIA Inks provide phenomenal photo vividness and longevity.
D8417511	Prepared to step-up and produce professional quality photo prints? The PIXMA Pro9000 Mark II possesses the functionality and technology you need for high-quality output so you can be the photographer you've always wanted to be. This fantastic printer does all of this and more while supporting Canon fine art photo papers up to 13" x 19" with two separate paper paths, including a front feeder for heavyweight paper types.The ChromaLife100 system combines the benefits of genuine Canon dye-based ink and photo paper with FINE print head technology to produce long-lasting, beautiful prints with a wide color gamut for vivid coloration and high glossiness. The PIXMA Pro9000 Mark II takes your photo printing to professional levels. So, are you ready?
D8418240	Speed regulation with 4-pin PWM main board fan controlSwitchable LED light in flash designEasy cleanable long life twister bearing to run friction-free and noiselessBatwing blades deliver 30% more airflow at lower noiseHalo frame with punched air intake for 20% more air flow4 anti-vibrators eliminate vibration noise
D8418242	Speed regulation with 4-pin PWM main board fan controlSwitchable LED light in flash designEasy cleanable long life twister bearing to run friction-free and noiselessBatwing blades deliver 30% more airflow at lower noiseHalo frame with punched air intake for 20% more air flow4 anti-vibrators eliminate vibration noise
D8418722	With more gaming horsepower than ever before, the GeForce 200 series GPU processing cores make games feel like the real thing. Its powerful NVIDIA PhysX technology creates rich, immersive physical effects with stunningly accurate realism. Experience absolute immersion and a 50% pure performance boost than prior generation GPUs with the GeForce 200 series GPU.Beyond the field of play, GeForce 200 series graphics cards seamlessly shifts tasks from the CPU to the GPU, allowing you to dive into the latest Blu-ray movie, surf the web in 3D, or transcode video to a personal video player up to 7x faster than traditional CPUs. Now you can work and play at full speed.
D8419383	This motherboard supports the PCIe 2.0 devices for double speed and bandwidth which enhances system performance. It provides convenient connectivity to external home theater audio systems via coaxial and optical S/PDIF-out jacks. It allows transferring digital audio without converting to analog format and keeps the best signal quality.
D8419870	The U115 Hybrid is equipped with MSI's Exclusive Hybrid Storage technology; the very first notebook computer in the world that is capable of operating both SSD and HDD hard drives simultaneously, combining all the features of SSD and HDD in the U115 Hybrid for your enjoyment.The U115 Hybrid functions primarily with the SSD system, offering a reliable, shock-absorbent, and speedy operating environment. You have the option of choosing the SSD system while operating with Windows, and selecting the HDD hard drive for file storage. The SSD system is much faster than HDD when retrieving files and it takes up less power. It is also much more shock-absorbent while riding on the train or the MRT.Furthermore, because of the MSI Exclusive Hybrid Storage technology, the U115 Hybrid will temporarily disconnect the HDD system while operating in "ECO on Mode". Retrieving and storing files will all be done with the SSD system, the battery life of U115 Hybrid is about 12 hours. The HDD system can also be activated with a few simple functions for the large storage space.
D8419872	U110 ECO series offers a complete entertainment interface, which includes the 3 in 1 card reader, so it may meet the standards of the mainstream memory cards, making it easy to upload digital files into the notebook computer. MSI's focus was on the common products in the market, such as PDA's, digital cameras, digital video cameras, digital MP3 players, Global GPS systems and such, also connecting to the U110 ECO series through USB 2.0 port.The U110 ECO series has selected a 10.2" wide LCD display as oppose to the typical smaller sizes to provide better comfort while viewing or reading. In addition, the 1024 x 600 resolution can relief concerns of the full display of WebPages while browsing, giving you the freedom when exploring the Internet.The U110 ECO series is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better fullness and brightness in color, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.
D8419874	MSI notebook has set out to make another monumental landmark in the industry with pure passion and the determination for fashion and quality, making its way toward the very finest in notebook computer designs with the X-Slim series.The X340 has ingeniously applied fashionable curves in its design which successfully abandoned the cold and lifeless vibe of the traditional notebook computers. The material is gentler to the touch compared the metal, and the paint finish is glazed and UV processed, added with the perfect ratio as a total package, creating the most simplistic yet modern styling, fitting for the most contemporary trend anywhere.With all these unique features, it proves that the X340 is not only a fashionable and appealing notebook computer; it also set very high marks for the entire industry.These great reasons are why the X340 should be highly recommended to all of the contemporary metropolitans anywhere.
D8419876	MSI notebook has set out to make another monumental landmark in the industry with pure passion and the determination for fashion and quality, making its way toward the very finest in notebook computer designs with the X-slim series.The X320 has ingeniously applied fashionable curves in its design which successfully abandoned the cold and lifeless vibe of the traditional notebook computers. The material is gentler to the touch compared the metal, and the paint finish is glazed and UV processed, added with the perfect ratio as a total package, creating the most simplistic yet modern styling, fitting for the most contemporary trend anywhere.With all these unique features, it proves that the X320 is not only a fashionable and appealing notebook computer; it also set very high marks for the entire industry.These great reasons are why the X320 should be highly recommended to all of the contemporary metropolitans anywhere.
D8419878	MSI notebook has set out to make another monumental landmark in the industry with pure passion and the determination for fashion and quality, making its way toward the very finest in notebook computer designs with the X-slim series.The X320 has ingeniously applied fashionable curves in its design which successfully abandoned the cold and lifeless vibe of the traditional notebook computers. The material is gentler to the touch compared the metal, and the paint finish is glazed and UV processed, added with the perfect ratio as a total package, creating the most simplistic yet modern styling, fitting for the most contemporary trend anywhere.With all these unique features, it proves that the X320 is not only a fashionable and appealing notebook computer; it also set very high marks for the entire industry.These great reasons are why the X320 should be highly recommended to all of the contemporary metropolitans anywhere.
D8419880	MSI notebook has set out to make another monumental landmark in the industry with pure passion and the determination for fashion and quality, making its way toward the very finest in notebook computer designs with the X-slim series.The X320 has ingeniously applied fashionable curves in its design which successfully abandoned the cold and lifeless vibe of the traditional notebook computers. The material is gentler to the touch compared the metal, and the paint finish is glazed and UV processed, added with the perfect ratio as a total package, creating the most simplistic yet modern styling, fitting for the most contemporary trend anywhere.With all these unique features, it proves that the X320 is not only a fashionable and appealing notebook computer; it also set very high marks for the entire industry.These great reasons are why the X320 should be highly recommended to all of the contemporary metropolitans anywhere.
D8426147	Superior hardware designHigh performance 2-slot dual fan coolingDual DVI and video out connector with S-video/composite/HDTV supportProvides world-class HDTV-out functionality up to 1080i resolutionSupports two monitors simultaneouslyEasy Plug-and-Play AUTORUN installation from CD-ROM2nd generation NVIDIA unified architectureNVIDIA PhysX-readyGigaThread technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA CUDA technologyNVIDIA lumenex engine3-way NVIDIA SLI technologyNVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA)PCI Express 2.0 supportOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideo HD technologyDual-link HDCP capable
D8428070	The Corsair Voyager Port is a easy-to-use portable backup device that transforms any USB flash drive into a powerful data backup solution, complete with a simple, one-button file-backup and restore feature. Simply plug in a USB flash drive.It is no external power required software NovaBackup 10.
D8428202	Delivers up to 2X the performance of a single GPU configuration for unparalleled gaming experiences by allowing two graphics cards to run in parallel. The must-have feature for performance PCI Express graphics, SLI dramatically scales performance on 60 top PC games.Give the whole of Earth a promise that Gigabyte Technology's products do not contain any of the restricted substances in concentrations and applications banned by the RoHS directive, and are capable of being worked on at the higher temperatures required for lead free solder. One Earth and Gigabyte cares!Shader Model 4.0 adds support for indexed temporaries which can be quite useful for certain tasks. Regular direct temporary access is preferable is most cases. One reason is that indexed temporaries are hard to optimize. The shader optimizer may not be able to identify optimizations across indexed accesses that could otherwise have been detected. Furthermore, indexed temporaries tend to increase register pressure a lot. An ordinary shader that contains for instance a few dozen variables will seldom consume a few dozen temporaries in the end but is likely to be optimized down to a handful depending on what the shader does. This is because the shader optimizer can easily track all variables and reuse registers. This is typically not possible for indexed temporaries, thus the register pressure of the shader may increase dramatically. This could be detrimental to performance as it reduces the hardware's ability to hide latencies.High-Bandwidth Digital Content Protection (HDCP) is a form of copy protection technology designed to prevent transmission of non-encrypted high-definition content as it travels across DVI or HDMI digital connections.NVIDIA CUDA technology unlocks the power of the hundreds of cores in your NVIDIA GeForce graphics processor (GPU) to accelerate some of the most performance hungry computing applications. The CUDA technology already adopted by thousands of programs to speed up those performance hungry computing applications.NVIDIA PhysX is the next big thing in gaming! The best way to get real-time physics, such as explosions that cause dust and debris, characters with life-like motion or cloth that drapes and tears naturally is with an NVIDIA PhysX-ready GeForce processor.
D8428471	The Club 3D HD4870 is designed for the best gaming experience possible with the full DirectX 10.1 feature set. This is unlimited detail and ultra high frame rates in hottest PC games. It can add life like environment lightings to your games and hiccup-free, ultra smooth game play. A must have when looking for extreme graphics power for your precious and brute gaming rig.
D8429170	If you're looking to accelerate your mobile digital life, look no further than the SanDisk microSD card. No matter how small your phone or other device is, you can get the most from it. Videos, tunes, pics, ring tones, games and data - it all fits with room for more.
D8429619	8 changeable output tips for maximum compatibilityMeets CEC (California Energy Commission)Energy Star level VHigh efficiency >87% with complete circuit protectionHigh quality assurancePatented input fuse protection
D8430335	Compatible with all FSB 1600/1333/1066/800 MHz CPUsSupports Dual channel DDR2 1066/800/667, 2 x DIMM slots, maximum capacity up to 8GBIntel Graphics Media Accelerator 3100, DirectX 9.0, maximum shared memory 384MB1 x PCI Express x16 slotPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/s4 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectorsSupports ASRock Instant BootSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy Saver
D8430336	1 x PCI Express x16 slot4 x SATA II 3.0 Gbps, support RAID, NCQ and "Hot Plug" functions10/100 EthernetSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy Saver, Instant Boot
D8431429	The P5QL/EPU supports the latest Intel core2 processors in LGA775 package. It also can support Intel next generation 45nm multi-core CPU.The P5QL/EPU provides convenient connectivity to external home theater audio systems via coaxial. It allows to transfer digital audio without converting to analog format and keeps the best signal quality.
D8431430	This motherboard supports AMD Socket AM2+ multi-core processors. This motherboard supports AMD AM3 multi-core processors with unique L3 cache and delivers better overclocking capabilities with less power consumption. It features dual-channel DDR2 1066 memory support and accelerates data transfer rate up to 5200MT/s via HyperTransport 3.0 based system bus.
D8431431	The motherboard supports AMD AM2+/AM2 for various processors. It features 5200 MT/s HyperTransport3.0 Bus, dual-channel un-buffered DDR2 1066 memory support and AMD Cool 'n' Quiet! technology. It provides 2.6 times more bandwidth than HT1.0 that radically improves system efficiency for a smoother, faster computing environment.The motherboard supports the next-generation hard drives based on the Serial ATA (SATA) 3Gb/s storage specification, delivering enhanced scalability and doubling the bus bandwidth for high-speed data retrieval and saves. The external SATA port located at the back I/O provides smart setup and hot-plug functions. Easily backup photos, videos and other entertainment contents on external devices!
D8431432	This motherboard can support native DDR2 1066. It provides faster data transfer rate and more bandwidth to increase memory data transfer rate and computing efficiency, enhancing system performance in 3D graphics and other memory demanding applications.This motherboard supports next-generation SATA hard drives based on the SATA 3Gb/s storage specification, allowing RAID 0, RAID 1, RAID 0+1, RAID 5 and JBOD configurations for five SATA connectors.
D8431433	This motherboard supports AMD AM3 multi-core processors with unique L3 cache and delivers better overclocking capabilities with less power consumption. It features dual-channel DDR2 1066 memory support and accelerates data transfer rate up to 5200MT/s via HyperTransport 3.0 based system bus. This motherboard also supports AMD CPUs in the 45nm manufacturing process.
D8433987	As hard drive capacities increase, the power required to run those drives increases as well. WD Caviar Green drives make it possible for energy-conscious customers to build systems with higher capacities and the right balance of system performance, ensured reliability, and energy conservation.
D8434248	NVIDIA GeForce GTX275PCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportMicrosoft DirectX 10 and Shader Model 4.0 supportOpenGL 3.0 supportHDCP compliantNVIDIA PureVideo HD technology - essential for the ultimate HD movie experience on a PCNVIDIA Quantum technology - advanced shader processors architected for physics computation
D8434398	The Club 3D GTS 250 pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play with NVIDIA PhysX technology, offers extreme HD gaming with 3-way SLI. Packing more performance, this graphics card offers a first-class entertainment experience. Designed for an ultimate gaming rig and loaded with the technologies.
D8434494	The 9400 GT delivers astonishing vibrant video-watching with NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology. HDCP-capable, the 9400 GT ensures exceptional playback of encrypted Blu-ray Disc and HD DVD movie content when connected to HDCP-compliant displays.Visual computing tasks such as photo archiving and photo sharing are made more enjoyable thanks to a real pop in the visual experience with reduced CPU utilization and low power consumption. Better still, the 9400 GT has full Microsoft Windows Media Center support that allows users to offload tasks from the CPU, increasing productivity and enabling users to share, edit and manage photos and videos better than ever before.
D8435388	Marketing description is not available.
D8435513	Marketing description is not available.
D8435930	The AD-5240S burns DVD+R/-R discs at amazing 24x speed, delivering a full 4.7GB DVD in 4 minutes and below! Double/dual layer discs are written at 12x maximum. Slot in CD-Rs recorded by the AD-5240S, and enjoy the refined CD sound quality.The drive features a SATA interface for easy installation into today's desktop PC cases.
D8435931	The AD-5240S burns DVD+R/-R discs at amazing 24x speed, delivering a full 4.7GB DVD in 4 minutes and below! Double/dual layer discs are written at 12x maximum. Slot in CD-Rs recorded by the AD-5240S, and enjoy the refined CD sound quality.The drive features a SATA interface for easy installation into today's desktop PC cases.
D8435991	Tear through the latest games with seamless frame rates and go beyond HD1 with the power of the ATI Radeon HD 4890 graphics processing unit (GPU). Building on the strength of the ATI Radeon 4800 series award-winning architecture, this GPU stands out from the rest with massive graphics processing muscle. Take ultimate control over your game and crank it up with scalable performance. Go ahead, max out the settings and put the ATI Radeon HD 4890 through its paces.
D8435992	The ATI Radeon HD 4850 series GPUs deliver a cinematic gaming experience with unprecedented performance. The powerful TeraScale graphics will propel you deep into your gameplay with seamless frame rates and high resolutions. Enhanced anti-aliasing (AA) and anisotropic filtering create striking graphics with unparalleled realism so you can max out the settings of the most demanding next-generation games or revitalize your favorite titles. Play today while preparing for tomorrow with tessellation, support for DirectX 10.1 and scalable ATI CrossFireX technology.
D8436835	NVIDIA unified architectureNVIDIA PhysX-readyNVIDIA CUDA technologyGigaThread technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA Lumenex engineNVIDIA Quantum Effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideoTM HD technologyHDCP capable
D8436837	PRODUCT FEATURES:NVIDIA unified architectureGigaThread technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA SLI technologyNVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA)PCI Express 2.0 supportNVIDIA quantum effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideo HD technology
D8436839	Superior hardware design648MHz core clock, 1242MHz (DDR 2484) memory clockHigh performance 2-slot fan coolingDual DVI (with Dual-link DVI, support up to 2560 x 1600) and video out connector with S-video/composite/HDTV supportProvides world-class HDTV-out functionality up to 1080i resolutionSupports two monitors simultaneouslyEasy plug-and-play
D8436843	PRODUCT FEATURES:NVIDIA unified architectureGigaThread technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA lumenex engineNVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA)PCI Express 2.0 supportNVIDIA quantum effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideo HD technologyHDCP capable
D8437116	The tower type coolers have been the mainstream in the CPU cooling market for quite some time now, but upon closer inspection you start to notice that designs and engineering can only go so far as they slowly come to a bottleneck. After a while they all start to look the same with performance not worth popping the champagne. This is where Prolimatech comes in. With that focus in mind comes the Megahalems, tower CPU cooler. Never before seen are the lows in temperature produced by an intelligent design of low air flow resistance with unmatched performance to boost.
D8437745	CM Storm deploys Scout, the True LAN Gaming Chassis. Mobility, security advanced technology converge in one rugged portable mid-tower chassis. Every Scout is engineered with Storm Tactics: a dedicated focus on strength, security and control. The Scout blends into the darkness with a menacing all black interior showcasing your internal hardware.An automotive tinted side window with dual fan exhaust brings efficient cooling with subtle transparency. A single button triggers stealth mode deactivating cooling fan LEDs. This covert outlook is complimented by innovative internal designs allowing swapping CPU coolers without motherboard removal. On top, a rugged, steel reinforced handle allows the Scout to be easily wielded in a single hand.
D8439713	The AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core Black Edition processor features dual-core and performance tuning potential. Whether you're building a new machine or upgrading an existing system, the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core Black Edition processor delivers heart-pounding performance at a down-and-dirty price.Customize your gear with graphics as revved up as the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core Black Edition processor. Get free downloads of special graphics, including chassis cling, stickers, tattoos, and more.The AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core Black Edition processor features AMD64 technology for blistering performance that immerses you in the game.
D8440953	The TR3X6G2000C8GTF is a 6144MByte kit of DDR3 SDRAM DIMMs based upon Corsair's ultra performance dominator family of memory which includes Intel's Extreme Memory Profiles (XMP 1.2). This enables a robust, profile based high performance DDR3 over-clocking solution for Intel X58 platforms targeted for enthusiasts, gamers and overclockers who want to extract maximum performance from their platforms. Built using Corsair's Dual-path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology coupled with a Corsair airflow fan, this part delivers outstanding performance in the latest generation of X58 DDR3-based motherboards. This memory has been verified to operate at 2000MHz at low latencies of 8-8-8-24 at 1.65V VDIMM.
D8440954	The Corsair Flash Voyager family of USB drives is rugged, stylish, compact, and reliable, making them ideal for transporting MP3s, digital images, presentations and more. The Flash Voyager Mini is the newest member of the Flash Voyager family.The ultra portable Flash Voyager Mini packs a lot of features in its small package. The Flash Voyager Mini utilizes a cap-less retractable connector plug which easily opens with the flick of the thumb. The ergonomic rubberized housing makes it easy to connect and disconnect from any computer. Utilizing an all-rubber housing, the Voyager Mini is water-resistant and shock proof, allowing users carry their value data and applications without compromise.The Corsair Flash Voyager Mini is the perfect flash drive for users with busy and active lifestyles. Utilizing the latest Chip-on-Board technology the Flash Voyager Mini is the perfect synergy of size, looks and function.
D8441110	Marketing description is not available.
D8441112	Marketing description is not available.
D8441275	With the goal of enhancing the computing environment, the Wind Nettop series adopts an advanced cooling technology that reduces the noise level from 30dB or more to an inaudible level, a noise level quieter than that of the average computer system. It offers a true noise-free comfort even during heavy game playing or intensive computing applications.To avoid wasting earth resources and reduce environment waste, MSI Wind Nettop series is powered by the ultra-low-power Intel Atom processors. The thermal power is only 4W which delivers a 16x reduction in power consumption compared to standard desktop processors and 9x reduction in power consumption compared to laptop processors.Built around Intel's Atom processors, the Wind Nettop series has an excellent electronic circuit design which only consumes 35W at a full speed operation. Compared to the 300W power consumption of general desktop computer, Wind Nettop series can save about 90% on electricity even when users use the computer for over a 24-hour period.
D8441395	Maxtor DiamondMax 23 SATA 3Gb/s hard drives provide a value solution for applications needing high-capacity storage.Maxtor DiamondMax 23 hard drives follow the Maxtor tradition of delivering well-engineered, reliable storage solutions by adding high-capacity drives to the product line.DiamondMax 23 hard drives utilize proven Seagate second-generation perpendicular magnetic recording technology to deliver high-capacity drives with features and value that can go head-to-head with any competitor.
D8441510	PCI-Express 2.02-slot dual fan and copper heatpipe sinkExtreme HD-output
D8441609	Marketing description is not available.
D8443709	Marketing description is not available.
D8444572	The XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTX 275 graphics card is engineered to be one wicked ride. With base benchmarks that would push the limits of many superior-level graphics cards, this aerodynamic beast transforms gaming with shockingly realistic stereoscopic 3D effects, turns up the heat on today's hottest games and transfers and transcodes HD videos to your portable player in mere minutes.And if you think you can handle the blazing fast frame rates, go for tri-SLI. But don't say XFX didn't warn you, because, no matter how it's configured, the XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTX 275 is truly wicked. Get yours - and then buckle up.
D8444574	This card is designed to maximize the latest DirectX 10.1 games - like the amazingly optimized "Hawx," with extreme HD resolutions, high-performance anisotropic filtering and 24x customer filter anti-aliasing. So what does this mean for you? The most realistic dogfights ever. Unprecedented gaming. And an unparalleled Blu-ray movie experience complete with full 1080p display resolution.Whether you're a power lover, a speed demon, or want an immersive entertainment experience, the XFX Radeon HD 4890 is positively lethal. And absolutely hits the target.
D8444652	The Logitech Wireless Mouse M205 offers plug-and-play simplicity in a portable design. Just plug the receiver into a USB port to get started - there's no software to install. The M205 features a snap-on mini-receiver that attaches to the mouse to make packing up convenient; and a design that makes it easy to slip into a bag and take with you. Intelligent battery management delivers months of use and added convenience. The receiver turns off the mouse when attached, and an indicator light eliminates surprises. High-definition optical tracking (1000 dpi) enables responsive and smooth cursor control.
D8444654	The Logitech Wireless Mouse M205 offers plug-and-play simplicity in a portable design. Just plug the receiver into a USB port to get started - there's no software to install. The M205 features a snap-on mini-receiver that attaches to the mouse to make packing up convenient; and a design that makes it easy to slip into a bag and take with you. Intelligent battery management delivers months of use and added convenience. The receiver turns off the mouse when attached, and an indicator light eliminates surprises. High-definition optical tracking (1000 dpi) enables responsive and smooth cursor control.
D8444656	Simple to use, and easy to take along, the Logitech Mouse M115 helps you work or play in comfort no matter where you happen to be.
D8444658	Backlit media controls provide an elegant and easy way to access your music, videos, and e-mail with keys that blend cleanly into the streamlined, space-saving design.
D8445176	The SH-S223 drive offers a powerful over-speed performance feature that enables consumers to burn data at high speeds - even on low speed media. As lower speed media is more cost-effective, users can save money while burning discs at faster speeds.The SH-S223 drive supports SATA interface, the dominant interface for PCs.Buffer Under Run Free technology supports stable writing under high speed, and Magic Speed and ABS (Automatic Ball Balancing System) technologies reduce vibration and noise. The SH-S223 is also eco-friendly designed and is RoHS compliant.
D8446172	You can take performance over the top with AMD Phenom II processors. Second generation AMD Phenom II processors feature a refined architecture, the award-winning innovation of AMD64 technology with direct connect architecture, and 45nm technology for maximum performance headroom.You can get the tune performance with the superior headroom of AMD Phenom II processors. Combined with ATI Radeon HD graphics cards, they deliver extreme visual performance and the ability to control and monitor system functions.Build a total system tuned for performance, beginning with an all-AMD solution including AMD Phenom II processors, AMD chipsets, and ATI Radeon HD graphics with CrossFireX technology for multi-GPU support. Experience the power of gaming beyond high definition.
D8446184	Realize new possibilities for connecting with friends, family, and digital entertainment with the phenomenal performance of the AMD Phenom X4 series quad-core processor. Built from the ground up for true quad-core performance, AMD Phenom X4 processors speed through advanced multitasking, critical business productivity, advanced visual design and modeling, serious gaming, and visually stunning digital media and entertainment.
D8446677	Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 series motherboards once again lead the motherboard industry for the highest quality and most innovative motherboard design. Featuring the industry's first consumer desktop motherboard design to introduce 2 ounces of copper for both the Power and Ground layers, delivering a dramatically lower system temperature, improved energy efficiency and enhanced stability for overclocking. Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 Classic motherboards are equipped with the Gigabyte Ultra Durable signature features including Lower RDS(on) MOSFETs (providing lower resistance to reduce power consumption and heat generation) and Gigabyte patented DualBIOS technology (providing dual hardware BIOS protection). Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 Classic motherboards promise to provide the stability, reliability and longevity essential to meet the power needs of high-end processors and other components running today's most demanding applications and games.GA-EP41-UD3L supports Intel high performance CPU delivers the most energy-efficient performance available today. Based on Intel's Micro Architecture, the Intel multi-core processors with 4 cores and two shared L2 caches provide the best capability per-watt solutions and are an ideal choice for multi-media enthusiasts and intensive multi-tasking environments. This cutting-edge processor offers significant performance boosts and provides an overall more energy efficient platform.
D8446680	Dual-link DVISLI technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizationsMicrosoft DirectX 10Shader Model 4.0PCI-E 2.0HDCP supportHDMI readyPureVideo HDCUDA technologyPhyX technology
D8446760	High speed data rateSupports 64/128-bit WEP, WPA and WPA2 EncryptionCompatible to USB 1.1 and USB 2.0 interfaceStatus LEDs for link and data transferComplies with IEEE 802.11b and 802.11g standards and is compatible to the 802.11n Draft 2.0 standardSuitable for all common network environmentsSupports WPS (WiFi Protected Setup) - push button for auto connection to the network
D8447144	Experience best-in-class graphics performance in the hottest games. And with full GPU-acceleration for NVIDIA PhysX technology, GeForce GTX 275 will change your 3D gaming experience by bringing dynamic forces of nature and massively destructible environments to games. With GeForce GTX 275, getting the graphics plus physics performance that your games demand.
D8447483	15.6" back pack in resistant ballistic material with PU leather inserts. Light, practical and with a professional look this back pack is the perfect solution to organize and carry in style your documents and computer.
D8447484	The F8N180EA is a 15.6" carry case in resistant ballistic material with PU leather inserts. Light, practical and with a carry case is the perfect solution to carry in style your documents and computer.
D8447485	15.6" bag in resistant ballistic material with PU leather inserts. Light, practical and with a professional look this top load bag is the perfect solution to organize and carry in style your documents and computer.
D8451552	The Brother DCP-9042CDN offers high quality color laser copying, scanning and duplex printing, in one, efficient space saving unit. Network ready as standard the machine makes an ideal solution for the business environment.
D8455703	PRODUCT FEATURES:NVIDIA SLI technologyNVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA)PCI Express 2.0 supportNVIDIA quantum effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideo HD technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA Lumenex engine
D8456493	The youthful and minimalistic Hanns. G HH series Widescreen TFT LCD monitors 18" offer the most comprehensive selection. Its black mirror gloss frame complements every environment perfectly, and allows you to embrace fashion economically. HH series features ultra high contrast, blazingly fast response speed and fluid image projection to allow viewers to playback high-resolution images or gamers to experience realistic 3D games, offering superb value and exceptional enjoyment for work and entertainment.
D8456494	Marketing description is not available.
D8456533	Dual Core CenterLive Update 3Live Update OnlineCool'n'Quiet
D8461970	Corsair solid state disk drives set a standard for reliability in desktop and notebook storage solutions. Corsair solid state disk drives utilize specially selected ICs to enable a life expectancy of over 100 years and impact resistance up to 1500Gs.Unlike traditional mechanical hard disk drives, Corsair solid state disk drives have no moving parts. This results in faster system responsiveness, quieter operation and reduced overall system temperatures.
D8463284	The Intel Pentium processor with Intel dual-core technology delivers great desktop and mobile performance, low power enhancements, and multitasking for everyday computing.
D8468188	AMD Phenom II is for high definition entertainment, gaming, creativity, and beyond. With AMD Phenom II processors as the foundation, you'll enjoy a new level of responsiveness and visual intensity. AMD puts high definition computing within everyone's reach.Enjoy a superior high definition experience for HD videos on you PC. AMD Phenom II processor is the powerful engine behind your fidelity, high definition video entertainment experience. Only AMD puts the Ultimate Visual Experience for HD video within your reach.AMD Phenom II processors have the power to do it all. Featuring next-generation quad-core design, they crush even the most demanding tasks. So design it, render it, play it, create it, stream it, HD it. With AMD Phenom II processors, if you can imagine it, you can do it.
D8470274	This APC Network Management Card is a Web-based product that manages supported devices using multiple open standards such as Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP), Telnet, Hypertext Transfer Protocol over Secure Sockets Layer (HTTPS), Secure SHell (SSH), Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP), File Transfer Protocol (FTP), and Secure CoPy (SCP).The AP9630 Network Management Card:– Provides UPS control and self-test scheduling features;– Provides data and event logs;– Provides support for the APC PowerChute Network Shutdown utility;– Supports using a Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) or BOOTstrap Protocol (BOOTP) server to provide the network (TCP/IP) values of the Management Card;– Supports using the APC Remote Monitoring Service (RMS);– Enables you to configure notification through event logging (by the Management Card and Syslog), e-mail, and SNMP traps. You can configure notification for single events or groups of events, based on the severity level or category of events;– Provides the ability to export a user configuration (.ini) file from a configured card to one or more unconfigured cards without converting the file to a binary file;– Provides a selection of security protocols for authentication and encryption;– Communicates with InfraStruXure Central or InfraStruXure Manager.
D8470276	Integrates with InfraStruXure centralData loggingEvent loggingBrowser accessibleEnterprise management system compatibleOperating system shutdownThree-tier user accessRadius support
D8472789	This All-In-One automatically detects the type of original you're copying whether it’s a photo, a text document or even a page from your notebook and then processes the image with optimal settings. The results are copies that will be truer to the originals, with accurate color and reduced grain in photos, and sharp, bold text in documents.
D8473400	The W53 series' SMART feature is cinema mode, which eliminates distractions when watching online videos. This unique setting blacks out everything except for the video clip, focusing the viewer's attention on the desired content and not on distracting ads. Continuing the working smart and reducing eyestrain theme, these monitors also include a timer that reminds users to take a break from their work at predetermined intervals. Reminders can easily be set to once per hour or at specific times through the same easy-to-use interface that controls the monitor's settings.Helping further eliminate distractions, a proximity sensor under the W53's bezel detects when a hand approaches the screen and activates lights that make buttons easy to find when they are needed. When not in use, the lights disappear, giving the monitor a sleeker, cleaner look.
D8479218	The Sapphire HD 4770 is the first card in its class to use GDDR5 memory and is based on the first ever GPU built in 40nm process technology. It uses the powerful graphics architectures from the ATI division of AMD, incorporating multi-purpose stream processing units and improved memory management architecture.
D8479224	Tear through the latest games with seamless frame rates and go beyond HD1 with the power of the ATI Radeon HD 4890 Graphics Processing Unit (GPU). Building on the strength of the ATI Radeon 4800 series award-winning architecture, this GPU stands out from the rest with massive graphics processing muscle. Take ultimate control over your game and crank it up with scalable performance. Go ahead, max out the settings and put the ATI Radeon HD 4890 through its paces.
D8479967	The ProLite E2208HDS widescreen LCD features true high definition, 16:9, 1920 x 1080 pixels as its native resolution. Impressive color reproduction is achieved with a typical contrast ratio of 1000:1 with the user option to enhance further with advanced contrast ratio enabled for 10,000:1. Complimented by a blistering 2msec response time, makes the E2208HDS ideal for high definition video and gaming applications. 'Opticolor' automatically makes calibrated adjustments to contrast, brightness and color balance to suit your application needs. Analog and digital inputs guarantee flexible connectivity.
D8481503	Corsair built its reputation on performance memory that shines in the most demanding computing situations: extreme gaming and high-transaction processing environments. But not all computers are put to such extreme usage. So Corsair Microsystems brought the same reliability, testing and Corsair quality to a line of memory designed to support standard computing situations such as popular office applications. Now it’s one of the most popular memory lines.
D8481516	Corsair built its reputation on performance memory that shines in the most demanding computing situations: extreme gaming and high-transaction processing environments. But not all computers are put to such extreme usage. So Corsair Microsystems brought the same reliability, testing and Corsair quality to a line of memory designed to support standard computing situations such as popular office applications. Now it’s one of the most popular memory lines.
D8482077	LGA775 Intel Core 2 processor readyIntel G41 chipsetASUS EPUHDMI/DVI/RGB supportHDMI support5 secs bootup to onlineASUS Q-FanCrashFree BIOS 3Simply update BIOS from a USB flash disk before entering the OSTurbo keyPersonalize your system with customizable boot logoGigabit LANS/PDIF-out on Back I/O portEnjoy high-end sound system on your PCGreenASUS
D8482079	ASUS Q-FanTurbo KeyCrashFree BIOS 3EZ-Flash 2V-core solid capacitorsMyLogo2High definition audioGigabit LANGreenASUS
D8482306	Canon's most affordable DVD camcorder is the sleek and easy-to-operate Canon DC410. It delivers the convenience of DVD technology, along with the exclusive Canon 41x advanced zoom - a feature only possible with the industry-leading optical technology. It also boasts Canon's advanced DIGIC DV II image processor, a 680k CCD, SD card image storage capability, quick start, now linked with the LCD panel, joystick control and a built-in microphone terminal. Canon has also made the DC410 compatible with lens-mounted Canon optical accessories to further enhance your creative choices. Add to that the long recording time available thanks to its high capacity battery and low power consumption and you'll see that the DC410 makes it simpler than ever to capture and share all the unforgettable moments of your life.
D8482316	Marketing description is not available.
D8482317	Marketing description is not available.
D8482362	Saving power under variable loadingPower usage more efficiencyFaster and flexible and instantUpdate BIOS from USB drive by M-flash functionLonger lifespan than electrolytic capacitorsEndurable to operation under higher frequency and temperatureAvoid exploding capacitors to cause mainboards failureHelp end-users upgrade CPU FSB directlySkip the complicated BIOS OC setting and enjoy the higher level CPU performanceThe loss-less content protection technology with full-rate audio enjoyment from Blue-ray discSupport for 24-bit/192KHz sample rate offers high quality digital decoders and speakersSupports 7.1 channels playback, plus 2 channels of independent stereo sound output through the front panel stereo outputsFunctions designed with button to be easy useHelp power-users tweaking process in-chassis environmentOnboard SATA ports are stacked on the mainboard to avoid mechanical issue with giant graphic cards like 8800 ultra
D8482662	HD4550 Graphics Card based on ATI RV710 technology. Loaded with the latest features, the Club 3D HD4550 delivers a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics chips. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Equip your system with a Club 3D HD 4550 graphics card to watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that delivers the levels of performance in the mainstream segment.
D8483807	The XFX GeForce 9500 GT powers extreme HD gaming and entertainment, setting a standard far beyond expectations both in price and performance. Watch as people reveal things you've never experienced, pushing your gaming and entertainment to limits you never knew existed.
D8487378	Compact 90-watt universal notebook power adapter to use as replacement or secondary power adapter at home/officeEquipped with 8 different notebook tips and 7 step selectable power output to assure compatibility with major notebook brandsHigh efficient energy saving design for lower energy costProtected against overload, short circuit and overheating
D8489015	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards.
D8489016	The 55nm based GeForce GTS 250 has 128 shader cores and offers a major improvement to its power consumption efficiency, operating temperature and core speed. Its DDR3 memory is running on 2200 MHz whilst the GPU core has a speed of 738 MHz. The speed of the internal processors is clocked on an impressive speed of 1836 MHz.The GeForce 250 graphics card can be easily crowned as one of the most diverse cards ever. With an interesting price tag, VGA, DVI and HDMI connections on board and an extensive cooling system for quiet operation, this card takes the best of all worlds into one steady performer. Just like the other cards within the GeForce 200 range, this card has standard support for Microsoft DirectX 10/Shader model 4 as well as the following technologies: NVIDIA PhysX, NVIDIA CUDA and NVIDIA Hybrid Power.
D8493901	PRODUCT FEATURES:NVIDIA SLI technologyNVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA)PCI Express 2.0 supportNVIDIA quantum effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideo HD technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA Lumenex engine
D8493902	NVIDIA unified architectureGigaThread technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA Lumenex Engine16x anti-aliasing128-bit floating point High Dynamic- Range (HDR) lightingNVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA)PCI Express 2.0 supportNVIDIA quantum effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideo HD technologyHDCP capable
D8494094	Marketing description is not available.
D8494652	The stylish HF100 offers the convenience of recording directly to memory cards. Capture incredible footage via the Canon HD camera system, and then share it quickly and easily. Shooting to SD or SDHC (high capacity) memory cards, the HF100 is an HD camcorder designed for sharing your movies. Cards are great for passing on to family and friends – as card sizes increase, so does your camcorder's capacity.The HF100 is a pocket-sized camcorder with loads of style. And because flash memory has no moving parts, footage is guarded against bumps and knocks. Recording 1920 x 1080 full HD video for superior image quality, the HF100 captures movies that are perfectly suited for watching on Full HD TVs.Enjoy superior quality HD video thanks to a combination of unique Canon technologies: a Canon HD video lens with 12x optical zoom, a 3.3 MP Canon full HD CMOS sensor, and the powerful DIGIC DV II processor. Focusing errors and camera shake are more noticeable when shooting HD. The HF100 uses two systems to give you the edge. Instant AF is a hybrid auto focus system that provides speed and accuracy. The super range optical image stabilizer compensates for common sources of camera shake.
D8494653	From Canon's long history of optical excellence, advanced image processing, superb performance and technological innovation in photographic and broadcast television cameras comes the latest in high definition camcorders.Now, with the light, compact Canon FS10, you can have stunning video with the ease and numerous benefits of Flash Memory, at an affordable price. Flash Memory is used in some of the world's most innovative electronic products such as laptop computers, MP3 players, PDAs and cell phones. Canon offers the best in Flash Memory with Dual Flash Memory- record to both the camcorder's 8GB internal memory and a removable SD/SDHC card, extending your available recording space and offering added flexibility in file transfer and playback. It's just the thing for catching more of your life's most special moments.Add to that the FS10's Canon Exclusive features such as Canon 48x Advanced Zoom and DIGIC DV II Image Processor, combined with a 1.07 Megapixel CCD image sensor, Image Stabilization and a 2.7" Widescreen LCD - and you truly have a Flash Memory camcorder that's both hard to beat and unmistakably Canon.
D8494654	From Canon's long history of optical excellence, advanced image processing, superb performance and technological innovation in photographic and broadcast television cameras comes the latest in camcorders.With the light, compact Canon FS100, you can have stunning video with the ease and numerous benefits of flash memory, at an affordable price. Flash memory is used in some of the world's most innovative electronic products such as laptop computers, MP3 players, PDAs and cell phones. It is just the thing for catching more of your life's most special moments.In addition you will get the FS100's Canon exclusive features such as Canon 48x Advanced Zoom and Canon’s DIGIC DV II Image Processor, combined with a CCD image sensor, image stabilization and a widescreen LCD. You can even choose the color for your FS100 that suits you best. It is truly a flash memory camcorder that's both hard to beat and unmistakably Canon.
D8494655	The DC310 is Canon's most affordable DVD model and is sleek and easy-to-operate. It also offers exclusive Canon 41x Advanced Zoom - a feature only possible with Canon's industry-leading optical technology. It also boasts advanced DIGIC DV II Image Processor, a powerful 680k CCD, SD card image storage capability, Quick Start and Joystick Control. Add to that the long recording time available thanks to its high capacity battery and low power consumption and you'll see that the DC310 makes it simpler than ever to capture and share all the unforgettable moments of your life.
D8508386	PCTV DVB-T Flash Stick is a USB stick device that contains both TV tuner hardware and the TV viewing and personal video recorder software - all-in-one. You can plug the PCTV DVB-T Flash Stick into any Windows - computer - at home, at work, a friend's - and start enjoying TV in seconds. There's no software to install and no CD required. So this device fits perfectly to netbooks. You can also record shows directly to the FlashStick's built-in memory and watch your recordings on any PC. TV on your PC has never been this easy.
D8508429	The Intel Core 2 Duo processors are built in several of the world's most advanced, high-volume output manufacturing facilities using Intel's leading silicon process technology. The processor family is based on the revolutionary Intel Core microarchitecture, designed to provide powerful yet energy-efficient performance. With the power of dual cores, or computing engines, the processors can manage numerous tasks faster. They also can operate more smoothly when multiple applications are running, such as writing e-mails while downloading music or videos and conducting a virus scan.
D8508430	The Intel Celeron processor is designed to bring a balanced level of proven technology and value to basic PC desktops. With the Celeron processor you can expect an affordable and reliable PC for your home or home office to meet your basic computing needs, such as e-mailing friends and relatives, tracking home finances, and running interactive or educational software for your kids. It provides great balance between computing power and affordability. The entire family of Celeron processors delivers Intel technology, quality, and reliability to the desktop, value PC consumer.
D8510090	With the goal of enhancing the computing environment, the Wind Nettop series adopts an advanced cooling technology that reduces the noise level from 30dB or more to an inaudible level, a noise level quieter than that of the average computer system. It offers a true noise-free comfort even during heavy game playing or intensive computing applications.To avoid wasting earth resources and reduce environment waste, MSI Wind Nettop series is powered by the ultra-low-power Intel Atom processors. The thermal power is only 4W which delivers a 16x reduction in power consumption compared to standard desktop processors and 9x reduction in power consumption compared to laptop processors.Built around Intel's Atom processors, the Wind Nettop series has an excellent electronic circuit design which only consumes 35W at a full speed operation. Compared to the 300W power consumption of general desktop computer, Wind Nettop series can save about 90% on electricity even when users use the computer for over a 24-hour period.
D8510091	With the goal of enhancing the computing environment, the Wind Nettop series adopts an advanced cooling technology that reduces the noise level from 30dB or more to an inaudible level, a noise level quieter than that of the average computer system. It offers a true noise-free comfort even during heavy game playing or intensive computing applications.To avoid wasting earth resources and reduce environment waste, MSI Wind Nettop series is powered by the ultra-low-power Intel Atom processors. The thermal power is only 4W which delivers a 16x reduction in power consumption compared to standard desktop processors and 9x reduction in power consumption compared to laptop processors.Built around Intel's Atom processors, the Wind Nettop series has an excellent electronic circuit design which only consumes 35W at a full speed operation. Compared to the 300W power consumption of general desktop computer, Wind Nettop series can save about 90% on electricity even when users use the computer for over a 24-hour period.
D8510092	With the goal of enhancing the computing environment, the Wind Nettop series adopts an advanced cooling technology that reduces the noise level from 30dB or more to an inaudible level, a noise level quieter than that of the average computer system. It offers a true noise-free comfort even during heavy game playing or intensive computing applications.To avoid wasting earth resources and reduce environment waste, MSI Wind Nettop series is powered by the ultra-low-power Intel Atom processors. The thermal power is only 4W which delivers a 16x reduction in power consumption compared to standard desktop processors and 9x reduction in power consumption compared to laptop processors.Built around Intel's Atom processors, the Wind Nettop series has an excellent electronic circuit design which only consumes 35W at a full speed operation. Compared to the 300W power consumption of general desktop computer, Wind Nettop series can save about 90% on electricity even when users use the computer for over a 24-hour period.
D8510101	With MSI exclusive Turbo Drive Engine technology, while the GT627 is in AC mode, just by touching the turbo button above the keyboard, you can simultaneously increase the speed of your CPU, also the computer may run smoother and to the best of its abilities.The outer body is once again surrounded with the ingenious flame design. Furthermore, the GT627 has selected aluminum as the base for the exterior, and adding the metallic threads for design on the cover, giving it an outstanding sense of fashion. The high quality feel of the body added with the flames as the concept of speed, the GT627 is a must-have accessory for the modern stylish games obsessed with speed, a totally new experience in gaming.15.4" LCD display provides a grand viewing experience for the ultimate viewing pleasure. With the high resolution and the perfect length and width ration of 16:10 for the screen, in addition also being capable of displaying DVD caliber images for your gaming and viewing pleasures. Enjoy the thrill of feeling like being right there in the midst of the action. GT627 is much more portable than other 15.4" notebooks in the market. With the ultra mobile GT627 there is no reason to be bored on your next business trip.
D8510653	Verbatim's eSATA/USB 2.0 Combo External Hard Drive provides high capacity storage back up for all file types offering high performance and reliability to both the professional and home user.It can store thousands of digital photos, videos, and other electronic files. Powered by a SATA high speed hard drive, the Verbatim eSATA 3Gbits/USB 2.0 Combo Drive provides ultra fast transfer speeds for the professional user. Up to 6 times faster than USB 2.0, eSATA 3Gbits saves you time and is ideal for high definition video and audio applications.Its stylish 'black steel' space saving design sits neatly on the modern desk top.
D8510654	Marketing description is not available.
D8512604	Samsung color laser supplies are designed to maximize the machine performance. Constantly redesigned and improved Samsung supplies provide best performance, reliability and outstanding color printing quality. Its unique design and enhanced technology offers ease-for-use features and smart technology. Semi glossy toner makes it easy to produce brilliant and professional color documents at home. Uniformly pulverized toner produces gloss uniformity, crisp print and consistent high image quality.
D8515208	Low profile design with low profile bracket bundledUnified Video Decoder 2 (UVD2)Native HDMI output supportASUS SplendidASUS gamer OSDASUS Smart DoctorOpenGL 2.0 supportATI CrossFireX multi-GPU support
D8515209	The Eee Box HD mini desktop PC allows users to enjoy crisp and clear high definition content by means of a HD hardware decoder. Still retaining its svelte design, the Eee Box HD's portability lets you turn virtually any space into a high definition entertainment zone for maximum enjoyment. Anyone can dive straight into the action with the bundled media player - Eee Cinema and convenient remote control. Let the Eee Box HD blow your mind with a high definition experience that is simply out of this world!Enter the world of high definition entertainment in the very comfort of your own home with the Eee Box HD! Equipped with a discrete graphics card that features a high definition hardware decoder, the Eee Box HD delivers the beauty and splendor of high definition motion pictures to your home's HDTV or projector through an easily-accessible HDMI output. Is your home strewn with remote controls - one for each media player? Let the Eee Box HD simplify matters, with a single, easy-to-use remote control that works seamlessly with Eee Cinema, a full-featured media player that makes managing and playing your music, video and photographs easier than ever!
D8515210	The Eee Box HD mini desktop PC allows users to enjoy crisp and clear high definition content by means of a HD hardware decoder. Still retaining its svelte design, the Eee Box HD's portability lets you turn virtually any space into a high definition entertainment zone for maximum enjoyment. Anyone can dive straight into the action with the bundled media player - Eee Cinema and convenient remote control. Let the Eee Box HD blow your mind with a high definition experience that is simply out of this world!Enter the world of high definition entertainment in the very comfort of your own home with the Eee Box HD! Equipped with a discrete graphics card that features a high definition hardware decoder, the Eee Box HD delivers the beauty and splendor of high definition motion pictures to your home's HDTV or projector through an easily-accessible HDMI output. Is your home strewn with remote controls - one for each media player? Let the Eee Box HD simplify matters, with a single, easy-to-use remote control that works seamlessly with Eee Cinema, a full-featured media player that makes managing and playing your music, video and photographs easier than ever!
D8515925	The Flash SSD (Nand Flash-based Solid State Drive) of Samsung Electronics is fully consisting of semiconductor device and using Nand flash memory which has a high reliability and a high technology for a storage media. As the Flash SSD doesn't have moving parts such as platter (disk) and head media, it gives a good solution in a sub.For an easy adoption, the Flash SSD has a same host interface with HDD and has a same physical dimension.
D8515926	The Flash SSD (Nand Flash-based Solid State Drive) of Samsung Electronics is fully consisting of semiconductor device and using Nand flash memory which has a high reliability and a high technology for a storage media. As the Flash SSD doesn't have moving parts such as platter (disk) and head media, it gives a good solution in a sub.For an easy adoption, the Flash SSD has a same host interface with HDD and has a same physical dimension.
D8518674	The X 5000TA merges energy-efficient technologies with innovative operation. A touch screen of 15.6-inch in size and an Intel Atom processor as its heart characterize this 3.6cm thin innovation. With a webcam, Wi-Fi, microphone and speakers already built in, the X 5000TA can even be mounted to walls or monitor arms using a VESA mounting set. It features a well-thought-out concept - the all-in-one PC from Shuttle.
D8523227	This power supply TP-730 from techsolo gives you all you could expect from a power supply. It is especially designed for AMD and Intel systems. The extra large 120mm super silent fan is enhanced regarding temperature regulation. It has a power connector for Serial ATA. It is ready for the future - are you?
D8529745	M2N68-AM SE2 supports AMD Cool 'n' Quiet! technology, which monitors system operation and automatically adjusts CPU voltage and frequency for a cool and quiet environment. This motherboard supports next-generation SATA hard drives based on the SATA 3Gb/s storage specification.
D8530236	EAH4770 Series that also utilizes the revolutionary Voltage Tweak technology. Along with the GPU technologies that include a 40nm manufacturing process, DirectX 10.1 graphics capabilities, support for HDMI 1.3, CrossFireX, and Stream technology, the ASUS EAH4770 Series is evidence that high performance gaming and affordability can co-exist without compromise.
D8532329	The XMS3 family is Corsair's mainstream line of performance DDR3 memory. The module allows users to experience outstanding memory performance and stability.
D8534431	XLF-F1453, 140mm LED cooling fan catches not only your eyes, but it also performs adding more airflow in your PC case. It comes with max 1000 RPM and 63.6 CFM and also with quite level (<16 dBA). Shinning LED light and transparent colorific frame/blade make your PC case a spotlight. To make your PC case a spotlight and outstanding performance, XLF-F1453 is the optimal choice.
D8544226	Verbatim's ExpressCard SSD is a hot pluggable, high performance solid state disk drive suitable for use in ExpressCard slot equipped laptop or notebook computer.Featuring a true performance PCI express interface and a 4-channel architecture, Verbatim's ExpressCard SSD is capable of reading and writing for high performance data storage. Verbatim's ExpressCard SSD is faster than conventional USB drives and as it is plugged into the laptop constantly, it takes up no extra room and is more secure than a removable hard drive.The ExpressCard is very simple to use. Simply insert it into the ExpressCard slot and you can use it immediately, no hardware installation required.
D8544227	Verbatim's ExpressCard SSD is a hot pluggable, high performance solid state disk drive suitable for use in ExpressCard slot equipped laptop or notebook computer.Featuring a true performance PCI express interface and a 4-channel architecture, Verbatim's ExpressCard SSD is capable of reading and writing for high performance data storage. Verbatim's ExpressCard SSD is faster than conventional USB drives and as it is plugged into the laptop constantly, it takes up no extra room and is more secure than a removable hard drive.The ExpressCard is very simple to use. Simply insert it into the ExpressCard slot and you can use it immediately, no hardware installation required.
D8544228	Verbatim's ExpressCard SSD is a hot pluggable, high performance solid state disk drive suitable for use in ExpressCard slot equipped laptop or notebook computer.Featuring a true performance PCI express interface and a 4-channel architecture, Verbatim's ExpressCard SSD is capable of reading and writing for high performance data storage. Verbatim's ExpressCard SSD is faster than conventional USB drives and as it is plugged into the laptop constantly, it takes up no extra room and is more secure than a removable hard drive.The ExpressCard is very simple to use. Simply insert it into the ExpressCard slot and you can use it immediately, no hardware installation required.
D8544232	Marketing description is not available.
D8546135	4 x internal Serial ATA connectors, 2 x external eSATA connectors (selectable)Compliant with SATA, revision 1.0Stand alone PCI to Serial ATA host controllerSerial ATA generation 1, data transfer rate up to 150MB/secSupports the following RAID levels: 0 = Disk Striping, 1 = Disk Mirroring, 5= Parity Raid, 1+0 = Combination of disk striping and disk mirroringFour independent Serial ATA channels, each of them supporting one connection of a Serial ATA device at the same timeSupports hard drives larger than 137GBCompliant with PCI IDE controller specifications revision 2.3, 32-bit, 33/66Mhz
D8548680	PRODUCT FEATURES:High-quality 22” 16:10 widescreenErgonomic design for personal visual comfortDVI video input with HDCPASCR (ASUS smart contrast ratio) technologyIntelligent image enhancementConvenient key controls for functional set-up in the multi-language OSDCable manager gets rid of tangling cables and wiresVESA wall mount standardKENSINGTON security lock
D8551689	The MK3255GSX 2.5-inch hard disk drive offers up to one half-terabyte in capacity with quiet acoustics and enhanced durability, providing a solid storage solution for high-capacity mobile PCs, game consoles, printers and external storage. Advanced servo techniques combined with mechanical design changes minimize noise emanating from the MK3255GSX drives, making them nearly inaudible during operation, performing close to the threshold of human hearing.Further design optimizations have boosted the durability of the MK3255GSX to provide industry-leading robustness against operating shock.
D8553294	Marketing description is not available.
D8554608	Loaded with the latest features, the Club 3D HD 4670 delivers a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics chips. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Equip your system with a Club 3D HD 4670 graphics card to watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that delivers levels of performance in the mainstream segment.
D8554610	The Club 3D HD4770 graphics card offers an unbeatable combination of HD gaming performance and price. It features the industry's cutting-edge 40nm process technology and the most advanced memory technology. Club 3D HD4770 delivers seamless frame rates with incredible speed and processing power. Proof that high performance gaming and price can co-exist without compromise.
D8555671	The Digital IXUS 100 IS delivers exceptional style in an ultra-slim form. Beautiful photos are made easy by a host of intelligent Canon technologies, and can be supplemented by stunning HD video.With its ultra-slim metallic form, the Digital IXUS 100 IS takes digital camera design to new heights of elegance. Its combination of supremely slender profile and high performance is achieved by a combination of Canon technologies.The Digital IXUS 100 IS combats blur with Motion Detection technology. Activated in Smart Auto mode, this uses a range of technologies to ascertain movement of both camera and subject. The optimum ISO is then automatically set for any situation.
D8558281	Marketing description is not available.
D8560246	The Razer Megalodon is a 7.1 Surround Sound Gaming Headset designed specifically to incorporate the Razer Maelstrom Audio Engine, making it the definitive headset for gamers today. Utilizing next generation HRTF technologies and a superb DSP with unheard of processing power, the Razer Megalodon is the most advanced audio headset of its kind.
D8561055	The XMS brand family is Corsair's mainstream line of performance memory. These modules allow users to experience outstanding memory performance and stability. Simply pop in this 16GB 800MHz DDR2 memory kit into your system and see the difference in performance. If you are a heavy graphic user, you want the max memory to ensure the smoothest operation when managing large graphic files. The Corsair 16GB 800MHz DDR2 memory kit offers this solution!
D8561197	Marketing description is not available.
D8561198	Marketing description is not available.
D8561199	Marketing description is not available.
D8561218	Powered by the latest 40nm manufacturing processing technology, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4770 Graphics Card is truly lethal. Representing an industry milestone in the advancement in gaming performance, it is capable of widespread destruction with faster frame rates, higher resolutions and unparalleled speed.GDDR5 memory arms users with twice the data per pin at 750MHz than equally equipped GDDR3 cards. The brute processing power delivered by the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4770 ensures exceptional performance for physics, artificial intelligence, dual-stream picture-in-picture computing and ray tracing calculations.Unparalleled 24x custom filter anti-aliasing (CFAA) and high performance anisotropic filtering delivers unmatched realism, smoothing jagged edges and creating amazingly realistic graphics. And ATI CrossFireX technology seamlessly scales rigs to quad mode.Engineered to maximize the latest DirectX 10.1 games, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4770 delivers outstanding performance for today's and tomorrow's games. ATI Stream Technology enables the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4770 to tackle the most GPU-punishing tasks like video transcoding with amazing speed.No matter how you measure it, the XFX ATI Radeon 4770 graphics card does it all faster, better and deadlier than anything on the market. Forty truly is the new deadly.
D8563816	Marketing description is not available.
D8571254	Marketing description is not available.
D8571255	Marketing description is not available.
D8573833	Solid capacitor for CPU powerSupport for socket AM3 processorsSupports AMD OverDrive with ACC feature (Advanced Clock Calibration)Supports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologySupports ATI Hybrid CrossFireX1 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slot6 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support RAID (RAID 0, RAID 1, RAID 10 and JBOD), NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functionsPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports HDCP functionSupports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD)/HD-DVD playbackSupports ASRock instant bootSupports smart BIOS, ASRock OC tuner, intelligent energy saver
D8573834	Supports AMD OverDrive with ACC feature (Advanced Clock Calibration)AMD LIVE! ReadySupports AMD's Cool 'n' Quiet technologySupports Untied Overclocking technologySupports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologySupports "plug and play"ACPI 1.1 compliance wake up eventsSupports jumperfreeSMBIOS 2.3. 1 supportCPU, DRAM, NB Voltage Multi-adjustmentSupports Smart BIOSASRock OC tunerIntelligent Energy Saver (Support with Phenom CPU)Instant bootHybrid booster
D8573835	Supports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologySupports NVIDIA Hybrid SLI1 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slot4 x SATAII 3.0 Gbps connectors, support RAID, NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functionsSupports DVI-D and D-sub ports by independent display controllersSupports HDCP function with DVI-D portSupports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD)/HD-DVD playback with DVI-D portNVIDIA PureVideo readyChipset embedded HDMI audioSupports ASRock instant bootSupports smart BIOS, ASRock OC tuner, intelligent energy saver
D8574454	The XMS2 family is Corsair's mainstream line of performance DDR2 memory. These modules allow users to experience outstanding memory performance and stability.
D8574997	1394A 6-pin plugMolded housing6-wire cable, double shielded, AWG22/28Maximum data transfer rate - 400 Mbps
D8575829	Corsair Professional series power supplies set a new standard by which all premium PSUs must be judged. Designed and engineered using cutting-edge technology, each Corsair Professional series power supply is built to the highest quality standards, and delivers the features and performance that technology enthusiasts demand.The Corsair Professional series HX850W PSU utilizes advanced DC-to-DC circuitry and meets 80 Plus Silver certification standards for up to 90% energy-efficiency, reducing wasted energy and lowering the amount of excess heat generated. Corsair Professional series power supplies are built using industrial grade electrical components, ensuring the stable, clean and reliable voltages that are essential for high-end gaming PCs and workstations.Corsair Professional series power supplies boast an innovative cabling configuration that uses low-profile, flat modular cables that reduce air friction to help maximize airflow through the computer chassis. The modular design also simplifies installation as it allows unprecedented flexibility in using only those cables which are needed.
D8575830	Corsair Professional series power supply units have been designed by Corsair and engineered to the highest quality standards to meet the demands of enthusiasts that expect the very best. The Corsair Professional series HX750W PSU utilizes advanced DC-to-DC circuitry and meets 80 Plus Silver certification standards for up to 90% energy-efficiency, reducing wasted energy and lowering the amount of excess heat generated. Corsair Professional series power supplies are built using industrial grade electrical components, ensuring the stable, clean and reliable voltages that are essential for high-end gaming PCs and workstations.Corsair Professional series power supplies boast an innovative cabling configuration that uses low-profile, flat modular cables that reduce air friction to help maximize airflow through the computer chassis. The modular design also simplifies installation as it allows unprecedented flexibility in using only those cables which are needed.
D8575896	The GA-MA770T-UD3P introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology on AMD socket AM3 platform with featuring 2 oz copper PCB and further helps to reduce the system temperature and dramatically enhance the performance. Based on AMD 770 chipset, the GA-MA770T-UD3P supports new generation of 45nm AMD AM3 Phenom II series processors, integrated DDR3 memory controller, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links and PCI Express 2.0 graphics interface support. With the innovative Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver technology, the GA-MA770T-UD3P is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8576917	With hyper-fast scrolling, you control the pace. Fly through long documents and Web pages with a single flick. Or switch to click-to-click mode for precise, line-by-line navigation.
D8576918	Put an end to notebook touchpad frustration. A natural shape gives you the comfortable control you want. And a plug-and-forget nano-receiver lets you be on your way without unplugging a thing.
D8576919	Get more from the Bluetooth technology that's built into your notebook. With no cable and no receiver, there's no holding you back - at the office or around the house. With hyper-fast scrolling, you'll fly through long documents and web pages. One spin and you'll never go back to an ordinary scroll wheel.
D8576921	Put an end to notebook touchpad frustration. A natural shape gives you the comfortable control you want. And a plug-and-forget nano-receiver lets you be on your way without unplugging a thing.
D8577981	Corsair solid state disk drives set a standard for reliability in desktop and notebook storage solutions. Corsair solid state disk drives utilize specially selected ICs to enable a life expectancy of over 100 years and impact resistance up to 1500Gs.Unlike traditional mechanical hard disk drives, Corsair solid state disk drives have no moving parts. This results in faster system responsiveness, quieter operation and reduced overall system temperatures.
D8580158	The Story Station safely downloads and protects your lifetime memories - video clips, photos, music files, and important data - that are so valuable and not easily replaced. Samsung Story Station is the best storage solution to capture and preserve your life story.The Story Station is built to store your valuable data safely and keep it backed up using the Samsung Auto Backup and SafetyKey features. Moreover, you can protect private and confidential files and folders in the virtual drive, SecretZone, with complete confidence.
D8580159	The Story Station safely downloads and protects your lifetime memories - video clips, photos, music files, and important data - that are so valuable and not easily replaced. Samsung Story Station is the best storage solution to capture and preserve your life story.The Story Station is built to store your valuable data safely and keep it backed up using the Samsung Auto Backup and SafetyKey features. Moreover, you can protect private and confidential files and folders in the virtual drive, SecretZone, with complete confidence.
D8580908	The BXR1220 computer audio system delivers quality stereo sound at an extremely affordable price. Features built in controls for convenience.
D8582231	ASUS VK192S-W provides the high contrast ratio of 4000:1, which can dynamically adjust contrast between black and white to provide sharper and brighter images - especially during games and movies. Its built-in webcam is easy for popular instant messaging applications on 19" widescreen. Good image quality in comparison to that of the most consumer stand-alone web-cameras.
D8582265	As power is a key component for the quality of audio. To leverage the high-end receivers' power separation design, M4A78-HTPC series are the first motherboards to phase in an independent power connector dedicated for audio components. This effectively reduces electronic noise to ensure purer sound quality. Additionally, the gold-plated RCA stereo audio connectors are compatible with amplifiers without requiring additional connectors - making it simple to link PCs to home theater equipment.
D8582270	The 22" widescreen of VW225N provides a 27% wider viewing area compared with 19" monitors and can also fit two A4 size pages at the same time, meaning ample screen space for different contents. The VW225N helps double your working efficiency.1680 x 1050 high resolution and wide viewing angle make the LCD monitor perfect for viewing high-quality DVD images. 16.7 million display colors deliver rich and colorful images to surprise your eyes.
D8582272	With global resources becoming scarcer and the impact the demands have made on the planet becoming increasingly visible, green computing has become a critical issue in recent times. The VH196D LCD monitor adopts green power technology which uses just two lamps to save 33% power consumption and an advanced optical film to ensure brilliant image performance without sacrificing brightness.
D8582285	The Republic of Gamers consists only the best of the best. ASUSTeK COMPUTER offers the best hardware engineering, the fastest performance, the most innovating ideas. In the Republic of Gamers, mercy rules are only for the weak, and bragging rights means everything. If your character matches ASUSTeK COMPUTER's trait, then join the elite club, make your presence felt, in the Republic of Gamers.ATI's CrossFireX boosts image quality along with rendering speed, eliminating the need to scale down screen resolutions to get the high image quality you want. CrossFire ignites with the higher ant aliasing, anisotropic filtering, shading, and texture settings you desire. Adjust your display configurations, experiment with your advanced 3D settings, and check the effect with a real-time 3D-rendered preview within ATI's Catalyst control center to rule your CrossFireX system.
D8582815	MSI X58 Pro-E is using the Gen.2 DrMOS and APS power supply designs, keeping high performance and power savings in a beautiful balance. These technologies will provide excellent energy-saving capability and offers high-computing performance.MSI X58 Pro-E provides the split thermal system which is combined with great outlook and performance. Compared with old split thermal system, the design is using metal screws instead of push-pins which will improve heat dissipation.Additionally, X58Pro-E is comprises MSI's Exclusive technology - easy OC switch. This is the most quick and easy solution to adjust the CPU frequency and clock speeds. By breaking various overclocking levels into sections, the switch allows the user to shift to different levels of performance without opening the BIOS. X58 Pro-E can supply dual full-bandwidth x16 connections and one more x16 PCI Express slot that brings the maximum bandwidth premium systems for 3-way graphics.
D8582816	APS (Active Phase Switching) is complete function to control power demand with switching dynamically, it's for CPU, memory and chipset PWMSaving power under variable loadingPower usage more efficiencyThe loss-less content protection technology with full-rate audio enjoyment from Blue-ray DiscHelp end-users upgrade CPU FSB directlyBuy an essential CPU but want to reach higher performanceSkip the complicated BIOS OC setting and enjoy the higher level CPU performanceKey components status hardware monitorMonitor the CPU statusOptimize system status defineAuto speed up with system loading changeLive Update onlineLive Update 3
D8582817	Supports VRD 11.1 standardSupports DirectX 10Hi-Speed USB (USB 2.0) controllerACPI 2.0 compliantOne PCI Express x16 slotSupports PIO, Bus Master operation modesFlexible 8-channel audio with jack sensingATX 24-pin power connector2 x USB 2.0 connectors
D8582818	APS (Active Phase Switching) is complete function to control power demand with switching dynamically, it's for CPU, Memory and Chipset PWMSaving power under variable loadingPower usage more efficiencyHelp end-users upgrade CPU FSB directlySkip the complicated BIOS OC setting and enjoy the higher level CPU performanceThe loss-less content protection technology with full-rate audio enjoyment from Blue-ray DiscLonger lifespan than electrolytic capacitorsEndurable to operation under higher frequency and temperatureAvoid exploding capacitors to cause main boards failureAdvanced digital display with dual independent displaySmooth, sharp HD playbackBetter casual gaming experience with DirectX 10 supportKey components status hardware monitorMonitor the CPU statusOptimize system status defineAuto speed up with system loading changeThe MSI Live Update online is designed to automatically download and update the BIOS and driver when there's a version online
D8582819	The MSI Live Update online is designed to automatically download and update the BIOS and driver when there's a version online. It helps reduce the risk of getting the wrong file and minimize the trouble of searching the files from MSI website.Live Update 3 is single utility software that automatically checks BIOS, driver and utility updates and installs for you, which can save your time for searching and lower the risk while updating.AMD Cool'n'Quiet technology that based on famous PowerNow technology just brings fresh air to hot-fighting desktop platform. Cool'n'Quiet technology can automatically adjust processor ratio to throttle CPU speed with four modes.
D8582878	Cooler Master extends the line to a mid tower with the HAF 922. It has a rugged strong appearance and outstanding protection designs that characterize a beast yet to be tamed. Without a doubt this mid tower has it all! It accommodates all sorts of high-end hardware from its spacious interior, and supports up to three 200 mm fans for maximum airflow at minimum noise. This mid tower chassis represents a disorderly collision of machine and beast.
D8583814	Supports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologyAM3 CPU readySupports ATI Hybrid CrossFireX1 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slot6 x SATAII 3.0 Gbps connectors, support RAID, NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functionsPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 MbpsSupports DVI-D and D-sub ports by independent display controllersSupports HDCP function with DVI-D portSupports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD)/HD-DVD playbackSupports ASRock Instant BootSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy Saver
D8583815	ASRock DuraCap, 100% Japan-made high-quality conductive polymer capacitorsSupports AMD OverDrive with ACC feature (Advanced Clock Calibration)Supports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologySupports ATI CrossFire, Hybrid CrossFireX and 3-way CrossFireX3 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slots6 x SATAII 3.0 Gbps connectors, support RAID, NCQ, AHCI and "Hot Plug" functions1 x eSATAII 3.0 Gbps connectorSupports 2 x IEEE1394 portsPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sThree VGA output options: D-sub, DVI-D and HDMISupports HDCP functionSupports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD)/HD-DVD playbackSupports ASRock Instant BootSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy Saver
D8583816	ASRock A780GXH/128M is a reliable motherboard produced under ASRock's consistently stringent quality control. It delivers excellent performance with robust design conforming to ASRock's commitment to quality and endurance.
D8586406	ASUS My Cinema - EHD2-100/PT/FM/AV/RC provides a total solution for home theater entertainments. Whether you want to watch 1 digital and 1 analog TV channel, or 2 digital channels, or 2 analog channels at the same time, make scheduled recording, edit and make your own movies, play DVD/VCD, or listen to MP3 music and FM radio, this card can satisfy all your needs. Besides, this product is embedded with MPEG2 hardware encoder, your CPU loading can be dramatically reduced. Therefore, you can surf the Internet and watch TV programs at the same time! In addition, with built-in hardware noise reduction technology and the advanced decoder, this card produces extremely high video quality for better TV experience. ASUS My Cinema - EHD2-100/PT/FM/AV/RC can easily help you turn the PC into a smart multimedia center!
D8586451	Marketing description is not available.
D8586463	Chieftec's offers of mini-towers provide maximum functionality in scanty room thereby convincing by their yet-to-be-discovered features. At first sight, the three newcomers hardly differ from the standard mATX cases externally. At a second and closer look however, they are 21mm deeper and therefore more spacious. This, allowing for the installation of more powerful standard ATX power supply units as against in the past times, were only PS3 type power supply units with limited power could be built into these cases. Certainly, this is a strong point of argumentation for the today's price-sensitive users.
D8586464	Chieftec's offers of mini-towers provide maximum functionality in scanty room thereby convincing by their yet-to-be-discovered features. At first sight, the three newcomers hardly differ from the standard mATX cases externally. At a second and closer look however, they are 21mm deeper and therefore more spacious. This, allowing for the installation of more powerful standard ATX power supply units as against in the past times, were only PS3 type power supply units with limited power could be built into these cases. Certainly, this is a strong point of argumentation for the today's price-sensitive users.
D8586465	Marketing description is not available.
D8587176	Marketing description is not available.
D8587181	Affordable monitor that will not look out of place in any work environment. The FLATRON f Engine chip delivers brilliant contrast ratio and fast response times. Users can enjoy more freedom to height adjustment with the L42PM Pivot and Swivel design.
D8589465	The ProLite B1706S designed for business usage is one of the Iiyama's range of eco friendly products. Best-in-class performance in every respect and low power consumption make the ProLite B1706S an ideal choice for ECO-conscious graphic artists, CAD and DTP users who settle for nothing but the best. sRGB and gamma correction functions permit even the finest nuances of color to be set accurately, and switching in the ECO mode lowers the power consumption even more and considerably reduces the CO2 emission into the environment. The ProLite B1706S delivers a sharp 20000:1 Advanced Contrast Ratio (ACR) and includes DVI and VGA connectivity. Height adjustable and portrait mode base insures extra comfort of usage.
D8589466	The 19" ProLite B1906S designed for business usage is one of the iiyama's range of Eco Friendly products. Best-in-class performance in every respect and low power consumption make the ProLite B1906S an ideal choice for ECO-conscious graphic artists, CAD and DTP users who settle for nothing but the best. sRGB and gamma correction functions permit even the finest nuances of color to be set accurately, and switching in the ECO mode lowers the power consumption even more and considerably reduces the CO2 emission into the environment. The ProLite B1906S delivers a sharp 20000:1 Advanced Contrast Ratio (ACR) and includes DVI and VGA connectivity.
D8589467	The 19" ProLite B1906S designed for business usage is one of the iiyama's range of Eco Friendly products. Best-in-class performance in every respect and low power consumption make the ProLite B1906S an ideal choice for ECO-conscious graphic artists, CAD and DTP users who settle for nothing but the best. sRGB and gamma correction functions permit even the finest nuances of color to be set accurately, and switching in the ECO mode lowers the power consumption even more and considerably reduces the CO2 emission into the environment. The ProLite B1906S delivers a sharp 20000:1 Advanced Contrast Ratio (ACR) and includes DVI and VGA connectivity.
D8589468	The 17" ProLite E1706S is one of the Iiyama's range of Eco Friendly products. With just a 19W typical power usage and as little as 1W in standby mode the monitor is an ideal choice for ECO-conscious consumers. By switching in the ECO mode you can lower the power consumption even more and make sure the CO2 emission into the environment is considerably reduced. The ProLite E1706S delivers a sharp 10000:1 Advanced Contrast Ratio (ACR) and includes DVI and VGA connectivity.
D8589470	The 19'' ProLite E1906S is one of the Iiyama's range of eco friendly products. With just a 22W typical power usage and as little as 1W in standby mode the monitor is an ideal choice for ECO-conscious consumers. By switching in the ECO mode you can lower the power consumption even more and make sure the CO2 emission into the environment is considerably reduced. The ProLite E1906S delivers a sharp 20000:1 Advanced Contrast Ratio (ACR) and includes DVI and VGA connectivity.
D8589522	The 19'' ProLite E1906S is one of the Iiyama's range of eco friendly products. With just a 22W typical power usage and as little as 1W in standby mode the monitor is an ideal choice for ECO-conscious consumers. By switching in the ECO mode you can lower the power consumption even more and make sure the CO2 emission into the environment is considerably reduced. The ProLite E1906S delivers a sharp 20000:1 Advanced Contrast Ratio (ACR) and includes DVI and VGA connectivity.
D8589593	The iiyama E2008HDS-1 20" LCD offers great value for money, and is the ideal screen for gaming or as a home office display. iiyama's opti-color modes ensure high color performance, supported by an ultra fast 2msec response time and a high 1600 x 900 resolution. With DVI and VGA connections and iiyama's power saving eco modes, you are in safe hands with this superb display.
D8589595	The E2008HDSV-1 20" LCD is the value option from Iiyama's range of 20" panels. Iiyama's Opti-Color modes ensure high color performance, supported by an ultra fast 2msec response time and a high 1600 x 900 resolution. With VGA connectivity, speakers and Iiyama's Power Saving Eco modes, this is an excellent choice for the budget conscious user.
D8589612	The ProLite E2208HDSV Widescreen LCD features true High Definition, 16:9, 1920 x 1080 pixels as its native resolution. Impressive color reproduction is achieved with a typical contrast ratio of 1000:1 with the User Option to enhance further with Advanced Contrast Ratio enabled for 10,000:1. Complimented by a blistering 2msec Response Time, makes the E2208HDSV ideal for High Definition Video and Gaming applications. 'Opticolor' automatically makes calibrated adjustments to Contrast, Brightness and Color Balance to suit your application needs. The ProLite E2208HDSV has one analog input.
D8589619	The ProLite E2407HDSV features 'true' 16:9 high definition 1920 x 1080 native resolution. It is complimented with a blistering 2msecond response rate. The E2407HDSV guarantees great performance for gamers and multimedia applications. Finished in a stylish design, the E2407HDSV is sure to stand out amongst the crowd!
D8591975	Panzerbox features the best airflow in its class, boasting two 190mm and one 120mm fans that churn out a combined 300 CFM. The Panzerbox's pure aluminum design makes it a light and luxurious option for travel and LAN parties and the welded chassis enhances strength and support. Dual radiator support and full expandability with room for high performance 10.5" cards, 4 hard drives, 3 5.25" drive bays, and oversized heat sinks offer gamers and enthusiasts even more options to increase performance while a removable motherboard tray makes upgrades easy and painless.
D8591976	Meet the BETA, a mid-tower steel case that delivers gamers a chassis designed for tremendous value without sacrificing performance. Built for maximum expandability, BETA expansive jet black interior provides ample room for 4 external 5.25" drives, 5 HDD racks, and fits large 10.5" performance graphics cards. NZXT continues their expertise in effective cooling by offering BETA users expanded cooling that directly cools video cards and CPU with 4 120mm fans and a meshed front panel that improves airflow. The front 120mm fan can fit thicker fans like the Scythe Ultra Kaze that can help maximize airflow. Additional features like screw less installation for 5.25" drives/hard drives and top mounted USB/audio enhance ease of installation and convenience for gamers.
D8592860	Gainward's award winning High-Performance/Wide-Bandwidth hardware design powered by NVIDIA's GeForce 8400GS GPU which offers enhanced, leading-edge performance for the 3D enthusiasts.
D8593935	Marketing description is not available.
D8593937	Marketing description is not available.
D8594390	Cooler Master's Hyper TX series has evolved with requirements of mainstream CPUs. The introduction of Hyper TX3 marks another milestone with Cooler Master's first-ever full compatibility - Intel LGA 1156 socket. The Hyper TX3 also brings back the "original" direct contact heat-pipe design from Cooler Master.
D8597151	Marketing description is not available.
D8597152	Marketing description is not available.
D8597153	Marketing description is not available.
D8597253	The 17-inch widescreen screen enables you to open many windows applets at once. It's easier to processing word documents and browsing several Internet windows simultaneously, exempting the burden of minimizing window applets, increasing working efficiency, furthermore VR705 uses high accuracy board materials to go along with 1440 x 900 high-resolution, perfectly portraying a picture's detail, letting you pleasantly enjoy at all times.The VR705 applied the exterior with an aerodynamic and elementary design, also concealing all the openings at the connecting edges. There are no unnecessary gadgets for a simplistic and practical styling, elevating the swift and practical feature. Just like a hard-cover book added with the seal of approval, a perfect work of art on display.VR705 features an excellent and full-sized keyboard that provides additional comfort during extended typing. It effectively maintains the layout of a standard desktop keyboard. All the keys are of adequate size, have crisp action, and are easy to access. Your fingers will know where to land immediately and adjustment to VR705 should take no time at all.
D8597287	Combing Color Film Print technology with ocean wave patterns in design, VR630 is much more portable than other 16" notebooks in the market. Besides, featuring independent numeric keypad to the right of the keyboard, so users requires no extra learning process on the part of the user. Additionally, VR630 has a multi-DVD burner, 3-in-1 card reader, and 3 well distributed USB 2.0 ports, facilitating connection with various types of computer peripherals. The VR630 is ideal for any environment, whether home, office, or school.
D8597291	Marketing description is not available.
D8601333	Marketing description is not available.
D8601520	Computer connection via USB 2.0Aluminum case bottom for an excellent heat dissipationFor all standard 2.5" SATA hard disk drives
D8601521	Computer connection via USB 2.0Aluminum case bottom for an excellent heat dissipationFor all standard 2.5" SATA hard disk drives
D8602182	Boost a video signal in a way that the transmission is possible up to a distance of 65m.
D8602595	Marketing description is not available.
D8602975	A compact and user friendly device that offers you copy and print features for added convenience.Achieve more with Canon imageRUNNER 2318L. Designed with the low volume customer in mind, this device not only allows users to copy but print as well, promoting significant cost savings.
D8607683	AMD Phenom II is for high definition entertainment, gaming, creativity, and beyond. With AMD Phenom II processors as the foundation, you'll enjoy a new level of responsiveness and visual intensity. AMD puts high definition computing within everyone's reach.Enjoy a superior high definition experience for HD videos on you PC. AMD Phenom II processor is the powerful engine behind your fidelity, high definition video entertainment experience. Only AMD puts the Ultimate Visual Experience for HD video within your reach.AMD Phenom II processors have the power to do it all. Featuring next-generation quad-core design, they crush even the most demanding tasks. So design it, render it, play it, create it, stream it, HD it. With AMD Phenom II processors, if you can imagine it, you can do it.
D8607684	AMD Phenom II X2 Black Edition processor combines value and unlocked potential for gamers and tuners on a budget. Users can now experience the power of AMD platform technology, codenamed "Dragon" with dual-core configurations. AMD Black Edition processors help users to take control and unleash the maximum potential of Dragon platform technology's unprecedented performance tuning capabilities. With dual-core processors, AMD provides platform level solutions at multiple price points, each of which exceeds expectations for virtually any user.AMD Phenom II is for high definition entertainment, gaming, creativity, and beyond. With AMD Phenom II processors as the foundation, you'll enjoy a new level of responsiveness and visual intensity. AMD puts high definition computing within everyone's reach. Superior technologies for HD video. Enjoy a superior high definition experience for HD videos on you PC. AMD Phenom II processor are the powerful engine behind your fidelity, high definition video entertainment experience. Only AMD puts the Ultimate Visual Experience for HD video within your reach. Enjoy entertainment beyond your media library. Get HD content online, offline, wherever you want it, however you want it. Your system can handle whatever you dish out - and serve it up on screen in full, high definition glory. Perfect chemistry. Combine AMD Phenom II processors and ATI Radeon HD graphics to really see the difference. Enjoy smooth video, brilliant videos and immersive games. AMD unleashes visual clarity and responsiveness for what you want to do.AMD Phenom II processors have the power to do it all. Featuring next-generation quad-core design, they crush even the most demanding tasks. So design it, render it, play it, create it, stream it, HD it. With AMD Phenom II processors, if you can imagine it, you can do it.AMD Phenom II processors were designed with energy efficiency in mind. Capitalizing on AMD's leadership in energy efficiency, they incorporate all of the latest technology that gives you performance when you need it and save power when you don't. Look for ENERGY STAR with AMD. Thanks to AMD's power-saving innovations, you can count on machines based on AMD Phenom II processors for the energy efficiency you want and the performance you need.
D8607685	Do more of the things you want to in less time and enhance your digital life with the multi-core performance and energy efficiency of AMD Athlon II processor-based desktop systems. Combined with superior ATI Radeon HD graphics technology, systems based on the AMD Athlon II processor deliver a vivid visual experience, superior multi-tasking, and exceptional digital media performance with next-generation energy efficiency.
D8607687	AMD Phenom II processors deliver the ultimate visual experience for high definition entertainment, advanced multitasking performance, and power-saving innovations for smaller, cooler machines that are energy efficient. Live your life in HD. AMD Phenom II is for high definition entertainment, gaming, creativity, and beyond. With AMD Phenom II processors as the foundation, you'll enjoy a new level of responsiveness and visual intensity. AMD puts high definition computing within everyone's reach. Do more than Dual Core - take advantage of a third core to get performance that turns your imagination into reality.
D8608790	Go with the mouse experts for built-in quality and durability. You'll gain comfort and precision - and raise the bar on productivity.
D8609317	Marketing description is not available.
D8609344	Marketing description is not available.
D8609386	The XFX NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GT powers extreme HD gaming and entertainment, setting a standard far beyond expectations both in price and performance.
D8609646	Marketing description is not available.
D8609654	Bigger and faster is good. But smaller and faster is better. The compact SCX-4521F series is an economical and efficient four-in-one solution for home-based and small office settings. Print sharp text and graphics at speeds up to 20ppm. Fax fast with 3-second scan and 3-second transmission speeds. Fax directly from your PC, or copy and scan with distinctly professional results.
D8611313	GIGABYTE GA-GC330UD integrated the latest Intel 45nm Atom Dual-Core 330 processor provides an easy-to-use flexibility and cost effective platform. The architecture of Atom 330 enables the lowest power consumption and smallest form factor for thin client and fundamental use. Enhanced with all solid capacitors design, GA-GC330UD brings small yet powerful and stable platform.
D8611917	17" LCD display provides a grand viewing experience for the ultimate viewing pleasure. With the high resolution, and the perfect length and width ration of 16:10 for the screen, in addition also being capable of displaying DVD caliber images for your gaming and viewing pleasures. Enjoy the thrill of feeling like being right there in the midst of the action.MSI exclusive VIVID LCD technology is able to display signals for better richness in colors. The color from the display of the EX720 has an intense sense of levels, and you can even detect in the presence of the finest details. Whether you are playing a computer game, editing images, or watching movies, the images are presented as 3-dimensional as it possibly can get.The EX720 has selected the ECO Engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function by EX720, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks. Press on the ECO touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode. This is to minimize the battery power consumption while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, and dealing with documentation.
D8612002	Chat pack including high quality webcam and behind-the-head headset for chatting and video conferencingComplete, easy to install package to see and hear each other online, ideal for MSN/Live Messenger, Skype or other messenger servicesStylish webcam with high 640 x 480 hardware resolution and snapshot button to quickly take a pictureIntegrated clamping system to attach the webcam to your notebook screen, flat panel display or place on flat surfacesVGA (640 x 480) video recording quality for sharp video quality in Skype and YouTubeComfortable behind-the-head headset with inline volume control and adjustable microphone
D8612014	3 button wireless optical mouse with high 1000 dpi optical technology and mini size USB receiver2.4 GHz wireless operation for smooth and immediate mouse response with a range up to 3 metersSmart link technology: easy automatic wireless connectionExtra long battery life due to latest power saving technologySuitable for both right and left hand users
D8612016	High performance webcam with true 1.3-megapixel (1280 x 1024) high definition hardware resolution for sharp imagePowerful integrated LED lights with dim function for enhanced image quality in low-light environmentUSB 2.0 high quality video for sharp and smooth video quality in Skype and YouTubeDriverless technology: no need to install a driver, just plug and goBuilt-in microphone for clear sound qualityIdeal for recording videos or to chat using MSN/Live Messenger, Skype and so onSelf-adjusting clamp to attach to notebook LCD screens and flat panel monitors or place on flat surfaces
D8614104	The ARCTIC F Pro PWM fans outer perform other 80mm/92mm/120mm fans in the market. The patented PWM Sharing Technology (PST) regulates the speed up to 5 fans via BIOS. With efficient central cooling, the ARCTIC F Pro PWM fans offer excellent cooling and noise control performance for the system.
D8614107	The ARCTIC F Pro PWM fans outer perform other 80mm/92mm/120mm fans in the market. The patented PWM Sharing Technology (PST) regulates the speed up to 5 fans via BIOS. With efficient central cooling, the ARCTIC F Pro PWM fans offer excellent cooling and noise control performance for the system.
D8614108	The ARCTIC F Pro PWM fans outer perform other 80mm/92mm/120mm fans in the market. The patented PWM Sharing Technology (PST) regulates the speed up to 5 fans via BIOS. With efficient central cooling, the ARCTIC F Pro PWM fans offer excellent cooling and noise control performance for the system.
D8614109	The ARCTIC F Pro PWM fans outer perform other 80mm/92mm/120mm fans in the market. The patented PWM Sharing Technology (PST) regulates the speed up to 5 fans via BIOS. With efficient central cooling, the ARCTIC F Pro PWM fans offer excellent cooling and noise control performance for the system.
D8614114	Marketing description is not available.
D8614117	The Accelero XTREME 4870X2 follows the sophisticated design of the Accelero XTREME series, offering the best cooling solution for this high-end VGA card.
D8614118	The cost-effective Alpine 11 is targeted for users who look for a quiet and efficient cooler.At a reasonable price, the cooler feature some high performance components. The Alpine 11 is equipped a 92mm PWM fan. With PWM function, the fan runs at the necessary speed in order to offer sufficient cooling at the lowest possible noise level. The low noise impeller keeps the fan as quiet as 0.4 Sone - even at full speed.The Alpine 11 is designed with an optimized heatsink and the pre-applied MX-2 to offer optimal heat dissipation. The Intel push pins guarantee easy and quick installation. With these outstanding features, the Alpine 11 offers the best price/performance ratio for mainstream users.
D8614119	With a multi-compatible mounting system, Accelero L2 Pro offers excellent cooling for both NVIDIA and ATI graphics cards.Featuring a 92mm PWM fan that runs from 900 to 2,000 rpm, the Accelero L2 Pro achieves up to 27 CFM airflow and 100 watts cooling capacity. The optimized heatsink guarantees excellent heat dissipation from the core.The flexible mounting is designed for fitting a wide range of NVIDIA and ATI cards. The Accelero L2 Pro is surely a perfect cooling solution for these graphics cards at a very competitive price.
D8614120	The cost-effective Alpine 11 GT is targeted for users who look for a quiet and efficient cooler.At a reasonable price, the cooler feature some high performance components. The Alpine 11 GT is equipped an 80mm PWM fan. With PWM function, the fan runs at the necessary speed in order to offer sufficient cooling at the lowest possible noise level. The low noise impeller keeps the fan as quiet as 0.3 Sone - even at full speed.The Alpine 11 GT is designed with an optimized heatsink and the pre-applied MX-2 to offer optimal heat dissipation. The Intel push pins guarantee easy and quick installation. With these outstanding features, the Alpine 11 GT offers the best price/performance ratio for mainstream users.
D8614121	The Alpine 11 Pro is for users who look for an extremely quiet, high performance and easy-to-install cooling solution.The Alpine 11 Pro features a more sophisticated acoustic design than the stock cooler. Thanks to the patented vibration absorption and fan holder, the cooler is barely audible - only 0.4 Sone at 2,000 rpm - a standard that the stock cooler cannot compete. With a 92mm PWM fan and a bigger heatsink design, the maximum cooling capacity of the Alpine 11 Pro achieves 95 watts.Moreover, the unique mounting system is very user-friendly and provides an absolutely transport safe solution. The cooler is fastened by screws, no back plate is necessary nor has the mainboard to be disassembled. The whole installation can be done in less than a minute. This is a totally peace of mind solution for Intel users.
D8614122	The Alpine 64 Pro features a lot of high standard components. The 92mm fan comes with PWM function, which controls the fan speed, and thus, lowers the noise level to a minimum according to the CPU load. The PWM function guarantees sufficient cooling at the lowest noise level possible and saves energy simultaneously. Together with the patented fan case, low noise impeller and the vibration absorption, the Alpine 64 Pro is as quiet as 0.4 sone at full speed (2,000 rpm).Apart from the PWM fan, the Alpine 64 Pro also features an optimized heatsink and extremely low resistance thermal compound MX-2 for efficient heat dissipation from the core. The high quality components offer excellent thermal and noise control management. Without a doubt, the Alpine 64 Pro is one of the most cost-efficient cooler of its class.
D8615868	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards. Dollar-for-dollar, this GPU packs great performance.
D8615869	The great advantage of the GeForce 200 series lies in the use of its parallel GPU cores. These sub-GPU cores take care of the 3-dimensional object rendering, physics and lighting effects and all other calculations needed for games, movies and multimedia applications.The GTX285 has one GPU with 240 Shader processors. The GPU itself runs on 648 MHz and has Shader clock of 1476 MHz. Furthermore there is 1024 MB of DDR3 on board with is running through a 512-bit memory bus at a massive speed of 2484 MHz. Also this one supports SLI with up to three graphics cards, which will offer even more performance.
D8616917	It doesn't have wires, but it does everything you'll need. You have programmable keys and media controls for fast access - plus intelligent power management for longer battery life.Instantly control music, videos, and volume. Install the software and you can quickly switch applications, open e-mail, and set custom keys for what you want to do. You get a fast, reliable connection right out of the box. Just plug the wireless receiver into a USB port on any desktop PC or notebook and voila, you're good to go.
D8621269	All XFX Black Edition graphics cards are top-of-the-line and ultra luxe, with a complete package of first-in-line technical support, custom rig badging, and a host of exceptional extras. But the XFX Radeon HD 4890 Black Edition is even more unique. This overclocked speed demon is the first GPU to run at 1 GHz core clock speed straight out of the box, has a TeraScale graphics engine that features over one teraFLOPS, nearly one billion transistors and 800 stream processors for the highest resolutions and fastest frame rates possible on a single-card system. Utilizing GDDR5 memory technology, XFX Radeon HD 4890 Black Edition provides twice the data per pin of GDDR3 memory at similar clock speeds. This enables the HD 4890 Black Edition to support higher data rates for optimum performance.Designed specifically to maximize the latest DirectX 10.1 games like "Hawx", the 4890 Black Edition's high-performance anisotropic filtering and 24x customer filter anti-aliasing bring characters and figures to reach-out-and-touch-them life. All in all, the XFX Radeon HD 4890 Black Edition graphics card brings a whole new level of "how" to gamers worldwide, amongst the fastest HD 4890 clock speeds on the market and an exclusive "Hawx" game bundle.
D8622472	Marketing description is not available.
D8624098	Marketing description is not available.
D8624191	This card is designed to maximize the latest DirectX 10.1 games - like the amazingly optimized "Hawx" with extreme HD resolutions, high-performance anisotropic filtering and 24x customer filter anti-aliasing. And an unparalleled Blu-ray movie experience complete with full 1080p display resolution.Whether you're a power lover, a speed demon, or want an immersive entertainment experience, the XFX Radeon HD 4890 is positively lethal. And absolutely hits the target.
D8624854	The GA-EG41MF-US2H based on the Intel G41 chipset supports the latest Intel 45nm CPUs and integrates support for HDMI, DVI and HDCP, creating a powerful multi-media platform which allows users to do more at once. At the heart of the Intel G41 Express chipset is the Intel X4500 graphics media accelerator, which support DX10 and features several unique innovations including more execution units for enhanced 3D performance and Intel Clear Video technology for sharper images and precise color control. The G41 chipset also supports smoother HD video playback, and includes support for Blu-ray and HD-DVD formats.
D8627954	Increase your performance with the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core processor. Work or play with multiple programs without any stalling or waiting. Dual-core technology is like having two processors, and two working together is better and faster than one working alone.
D8627955	Realize new possibilities for connecting with friends, family, and digital entertainment with the phenomenal performance of the AMD Phenom X4 series quad-core processor. Built from the ground up for true quad-core performance, AMD Phenom X4 processors speed through advanced multitasking, critical business productivity, advanced visual design and modeling, serious gaming, and visually stunning digital media and entertainment.
D8627966	Multi-tasking has become a way of life, but sometimes your PC just can't keep up with everything you want to do on it at the same time. The AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor enables true multitasking - taking computing to an all new level. Dual-Core technology is like having two processors working together, each one taking care of different applications. So now you can simultaneously burn a CD, check e-mail, edit a digital photo, and run your virus protection - all without slowing down your computer.To protect your computer you've installed all the latest virus protection and firewall software. The result? Your PC is safer but slower. Upgrade to a computer powered by the AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core processor - now you can run protection programs in the background while a second runs the applications you want to work on - making computing fast again.
D8627967	Increase your performance with the AMD Athlon X2 Dual-Core processor. Work or play with multiple programs without any stalling or waiting. Dual-core technology is like having two processors, and two working together is better and faster than one working alone.
D8627975	PRODUCT FEATURES:AMD64 with direct connect architectureAMD balanced smart cacheAMD wide floating point acceleratorFloating point unit (FPU)HyperTransport technologyIntegrated DDR2 DRAM controller with AMD memory optimizer technologyAMD virtualization (AMD-V) with rapid virtualization indexingAMD Cool'n'Quiet 2.0 technologyAMD CoolCore technologyDual dynamic power management
D8627977	PRODUCT FEATURES:AMD64 with direct connect architectureAMD balanced smart cacheAMD wide floating point acceleratorFloating point unit (FPU)HyperTransport technologyIntegrated DDR2 DRAM controller with AMD memory optimizer technologyAMD virtualization (AMD-V) with rapid virtualization indexingAMD Cool'n'Quiet 2.0 technologyAMD CoolCore technologyDual dynamic power management
D8629853	Marketing description is not available.
D8629854	Marketing description is not available.
D8630223	Better than reality. Gaming "reality" was once defined as having a graphics card that could deliver true-to-life images... until complex images or more than one character entered the scene. Now, with XFX's GeForce GTX 200 graphics cards, you can experience truly immersive 3D gaming experience that will make your heart race and your palms sweat. Harnessing the power of second generation unified architecture, SLI technology and top-of-the-line DirectX 10 support, an in-your-face experience, delivered in blazing fast frame rates, is yours. Real life has never been this realistic.
D8630239	The Sapphire HD 4890 TOXIC uses the same configuration of Vapor-X and heat pipe cooling technology as the atomic edition. It is factory over clocked with a high speed core clock of 960MHz as well as 1GB of GDDR5 memory with clocks of 1050MHz to give stunning performance straight out of the box. Two dual-link DVI ports are provided as well as TV out. HDMI and VGA are supported with dongles.
D8630303	Patented circular type LED up to 4 times brighter than any otherShining sputtering finish with the glossy mirror-like surfaceTwister bearing technology with long lifetime and low noiseDetachable fan blades for easy cleaningLED on/off functionIsolator-mounts for shockproof and easy installation
D8630306	Patented circular type LED up to 4 times brighter than any otherShining sputtering finish with the glossy mirror-like surfaceTwister bearing technology with long lifetime and low noiseDetachable fan blades for easy cleaningLED on/off functionIsolator-mounts for shockproof and easy installation
D8630309	Energetic curved aluminum brushed front and red or blue illuminated ventilation shafts are a real credit to the mythical firebird, which gave its name to Enermax PhoenixNeo.The user-orientated design is another advantage: screwless quick release for expansion cards, removable front panel and easy cleanable micro dust filter - that way do-it-yourself PC building is really fun. For water cooled systems case's backside provides two rubberized holes.Enermax is well-known for its innovative cooling systems. PhoenixNeo provides one 12 cm front fan and one 25 cm side monster fan, which ensure optimal cooling of system components. Even at high rotation speed Enermax cooling fans are working silent.
D8630483	PRODUCT FEATURES:New Generation Heatsink: Powerful heat dissipation enhancement with V engine design & aluminum alloyHDCP CompliantASUS Splendid
D8631023	Marketing description is not available.
D8634716	The Razer DeathAdder is the world's first 3G infrared sensor gaming mouse. This ultimate gaming mouse with ergonomic right-handed design provides maximum comfort during intensive gameplay, and will send enemies scurrying for cover.
D8637109	A4Tech MOP 18 features patented noiseless wheel. It is soft, quiet and smooth. Glow upon your palm and let liquid crystal radiant illuminate your desktop!
D8637496	Marketing description is not available.
D8637497	Marketing description is not available.
D8639763	The compact media center operator: start and navigate in the media center while relaxing on the sofa. Watch your photographs, play DVDs or switch through TV channels. You will not need to get up from the sofa anymore, thanks to 19 media keys and the integrated mouse control. All this works up to a distance of 20m without any interference.
D8639831	PRODUCT FEATURES:Multimedia full-size keyboard with unique "SoftSkin" coating11 built-in multifunction keys (7 freely programmable)Plug & Play installationPredefined hotkeys: Internet, E-Mail, Messenger, Play/ Pause, Stop, Back, Forward, Volume Down, Volume Up, Mute, StandbyHigh-quality "X-Type" membrane technologyBlue lighting of the multifunction keys, of the top ends of the keyboard as well as of the status LEDs for Caps Lock, Num Lock and Scroll Lock
D8640761	Kaspersky Internet Security 2010 automatically protects you and your family at all times - whether you work, bank, shop or play online. It has everything you need for a safe and secure Internet experience.
D8640764	Kaspersky Internet Security 2010 automatically protects you and your family at all times - whether you work, bank, shop or play online. It has everything you need for a safe and secure Internet experience.
D8640766	Kaspersky Internet Security 2010 automatically protects you and your family at all times - whether you work, bank, shop or play online. It has everything you need for a safe and secure Internet experience.
D8640773	Kaspersky Internet Security 2010 automatically protects you and your family at all times - whether you work, bank, shop or play online. It has everything you need for a safe and secure Internet experience.
D8640982	Marketing description is not available.
D8644759	Kaspersky Internet Security 2010 automatically protects you and your family at all times - whether you work, bank, shop or play online. It has everything you need for a safe and secure Internet experience.
D8644760	Kaspersky Internet Security 2010 automatically protects you and your family at all times - whether you work, bank, shop or play online. It has everything you need for a safe and secure Internet experience.
D8648098	Barely audible PC with passive system design for long-term heat removal, Foxconn Barebone R10-S1 features lower power consumption, fashionable style design and perfect USFF system.
D8648099	Barely audible PC with passive system is designed for long-term heat removal, lower Power consumption PC less than 150W, fashionable style design, and perfect USFF system.
D8648537	Tactical appearance for optimal gaming experiencePreserved fan opening for 120mm to 200mm at top and front panel, 120mm to 230mm at side panelMassive storage capability with 7 x 3.5" and 1 x 2.5" HDD or SSD baySecurity lock for keyboard & mouse for Lanparty event
D8649984	Marketing description is not available.
D8649985	The Targus 10.2" Sport Netbook Slip Attache features a neoprene exterior to protect your netbook from scuffs. The soft handles provide a comfortable carry option. This slip case is designed to accommodate netbooks with up to 10.2" screens. Though slim and compact, the case includes storage for business cards, keys, pens and files. Featuring a sporty color combination with durable neoprene materials, the Sport Netbook case is ideal when a lightweight, low-profile case is all you need.
D8650172	The Belkin Concealed Surge Protector organizes your cables and keeps them out of view with a unique lockable cover. Cables remain organized and secure in their sockets while concealed from children and pets with the tamper-resistant cover. This surge protector will also safeguard all your electronics, computers and appliances from damaging power surges or spikes.
D8651992	Marketing description is not available.
D8653231	Marketing description is not available.
D8655310	Marketing description is not available.
D8655311	Marketing description is not available.
D8655312	Marketing description is not available.
D8657470	Every generation of graphics card has announced that it is "more realistic" with "more lifelike special effects". And most of the time, they were right. But none offered in-your-face realism. XFX's NVIDIA GeForce GTX 200 series of cards offer truly immersive 3D gaming that delivers a pulse-pounding adventure in cinema-quality clarity for bandwidth-hungry games.And, because you can't game every moment of the day, the GTX 200 series also provides a handy assist with your everyday tasks by shifting your regular processing tasks from the CPU to the GPU. Enjoy Blu-ray movies, 3D Internet browsing, even video transcoding delivered up to seven times faster than a traditional GPU. Over first generation unified architecture-based cards, whatever you're doing, you're doing it faster-and enjoying it more-than ever before.
D8657473	The XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTX 275 graphics card is engineered to be one wicked ride. No matter how it's configured, the XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTX 275 is truly wicked. Get yours - and then buckle up.
D8657474	The XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTX 275 graphics card engineered to be one wicked ride. With base benchmarks that would push the limits of many superior-level graphics cards, this aerodynamic beast.
D8657475	If you're in the market for a graphics card that outperforms the XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTX 280, check out the XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTX 285 graphics card, which offers 10% greater performance than the 280 and exceptional power consumption - and that's before overclocking. Based on the 55nm G200b core, the XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTX 285 graphics card has a higher reference clock, yet it consumes far less power, making it one truly cool card.
D8657476	If you're in the market for a graphics card that outperforms the XFX NVIDIA GeForce 280, check out XFX NVIDIA GeForce 285 graphics card, which offers 10% greater performance than the 280 and exceptional power consumption - and that's before overclocking. Based on the 55nm G200b core, the XFX GeForce 285 graphics card has a higher reference clock, yet it consumes far less power, making it one truly cool card.
D8658810	Marketing description is not available.
D8658814	Complies with 2.4GHz Draft 802.11n and backward compatible with IEEE 802.11g/b standardsHigh-speed data rate - up to 300MbpsObtain WAN IP by PPPoE/Static IP/PPTP/DHCPA hardware switch offers switching on/off of the Wireless LANSupports 64/128-bit WEP encryption and WPA-PSK, WPA2-PSK securitySuitable for all common network environmentsNAT/NAPT IP sharingSupports advanced MIMO technology, enhancing the throughput and coverage range significantlySupports DDNS (DynDNS, TZO)DHCP serverSystem status/security logUpgradeable firmware
D8658951	The N4B1 attaches to a network instead of a PC to enable efficient and secure data storage. Its capacity can be expanded by a four-bay storage configuration to a maximum of 4TB. To facilitate easier archiving, the N4B1 automatically creates a content catalog when data is saved to the Blu-ray Disc. Additionally, the management system automatically tracks what is downloaded, saving business owners and consumers' time and space by not duplicating files.
D8658953	The N4B1 attaches to a network instead of a PC to enable efficient and secure data storage. Its capacity can be expanded by a four-bay storage configuration to a maximum of 4TB. To facilitate easier archiving, the N4B1 automatically creates a content catalog when data is saved to the Blu-ray Disc. Additionally, the management system automatically tracks what is downloaded, saving business owners and consumers' time and space by not duplicating files.
D8660764	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards. Dollar-for-dollar, this GPU packs great performance.
D8660765	Stylish traveling bags for 9" up to 10.2" mini notebookBig pocket on the front with 2 accessible compartments with zipper
D8660766	Stylish traveling bags for 9" up to 10.2" mini notebookBig pocket on the front with 2 accessible compartments with zipper
D8660767	Stylish traveling bags for 9" up to 10.2" mini notebookBig pocket on the front with 2 accessible compartments with zipper
D8660768	Stylish traveling bags for 9" up to 10.2" mini notebookBig pocket on the front with 2 accessible compartments with zipper
D8660769	With more gaming horsepower than ever before, the GeForce 200 Series GPU's processing cores make games feel like the real thing. Its powerful NVIDIA PhysX technology creates rich, immersive physical effects with stunningly accurate realism. Experience absolute immersion and a 50% pure performance boost than prior generation GPUs with the GeForce 200 Series GPU.Beyond the field of play, GeForce 200 Series graphics cards seamlessly shifts tasks from the CPU to the GPU, allowing you to dive into the latest Blu-ray movie, surf the web in 3D, or transcode video to a personal video player up to 7x faster than traditional CPUs. Now you can work and play at full speed.
D8666123	The LG Super-Multi GH22LS30 internal SATA DVD Rewriter features a 22x DVD±R write speed and SecurDisc technology that allows you to protect and share data securely. The GH22LS30 includes LightScribe which gives you the added feature of etching customized labels onto a special coated LightScribe disc. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH22LS30 reads and writes in many formats. Burn and guard your data with the LG GH22LS30.
D8667668	12.1 netbook carry case in resistant ballistic material! Light, practical and with a pleasant look this carry case is the perfect solution to carry in style your documents and computer.
D8667909	ASUS My Cinema-P7131 Hybrid provides a total solution for home theater entertainments. Whether you want to watch digital or analog TV programs, make scheduled recording, edit and make your own movies, play DVD/VCD, or listen to MP3 music and FM radio, this card can satisfy all your needs. By incorporating the advanced decoder and TV tuner, this card produces high quality audio/video for better performance and enjoyment. Combined with the ASUS remote control kits and useful utilities "ASUS Splendid Technology", the ASUS My Cinema-P7131 Hybrid instantly turns your PC into a smart multimedia center!
D8668290	The Sapphire HD 4890 Vapor-X model is a Sapphire original design. It has Sapphire's Vapor-X cooling module on the GPU together with a heatsink and profiled fan venting heat out of the case. It is quieter with core clock speed of 850MHz and 1GB of DDR5 memory clocked at 975MHz. Any two of the four output options can be used simultaneously, giving maximum flexibility for connection to different display types.
D8668917	When it comes to beautiful performance, things can get a bit ugly. The XFX Radeon HD 4650 is a little energy saver that can play games at lower resolutions while also offering excellent HD video decoding. Add full HDMI and DisplayPort capabilities and you've got more than a casual gaming experience.
D8670029	Seize the day with a joystick that keeps you at the top of your game. Optimal controls personalized for your unique gaming style. Whether you're in an acrobatic dogfight or striking from long range, the high-stability, precise Logitech Extreme 3D Pro gives you the edge on your competition. Experience superior response and control with 12 conveniently placed action buttons, eight-way rubberized hat switch, twist handle, and rapid-fire trigger.
D8670808	The Verbatim 3.5'' external hard drive instantly adds high-performace storage in an attractive design for your PC or Mac. The Verbatim 3.5'' hard drive stores thousands of digital photos, videos, MP3 songs and other electronic files. Powered by a 7200 RPM hard drive, the desktop hard drive races through the most demanding audio/video applications, allowing you to work more and wait less. The 3.5'' hard drive delivers outstanding quality, performance and reliability for both professional and home use.
D8674701	PRODUCT FEATURES:Native HDMI output supportPure Video HD technologyDirectX 10 and Shader Model 4.0
D8675187	Loaded with the latest features, the ATI Radeon HD 4600 series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units and support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity or take your experience to another level with new multimedia capabilities. Do it all with break-through energy efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8676173	The Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from our customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D8676174	The Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from our customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D8676176	Windows Vista Business is the first Windows operating system designed specifically to meet the needs of small businesses. You'll empower your entire business to work more efficiently with a stunning and improved, simple-to-use interface that makes it easier to search and find the information you need quickly and easily, both on your PCs and on the web. With powerful new safety features, you're in control and can better protect the key information that is the life of your business and that builds the trust of your customers.And, for the growing business that always seems to be on the go, the mobile computing enhancements make it easier to stay connected to the rhythm of your business, both in and out of the office. Windows Vista Business makes all of this work for you while helping you spend less time on technology support-related issues - so you can spend more time making your business successful. Windows Vista Business simply makes it easier to manage how your employees connect to your network and to ensure that they get more out of their PCs, both in and out of the office. Be future-ready and lay the IT foundation that your business needs for today and tomorrow.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D8676178	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D8676180	Windows Vista Business is the first Windows operating system designed specifically to meet the needs of small businesses. You'll empower your entire business to work more efficiently with a stunning and improved, simple-to-use interface that makes it easier to search and find the information you need quickly and easily, both on your PCs and on the web. With powerful new safety features, you're in control and can better protect the key information that is the life of your business and that builds the trust of your customers.And, for the growing business that always seems to be on the go, the mobile computing enhancements make it easier to stay connected to the rhythm of your business, both in and out of the office. Windows Vista Business makes all of this work for you while helping you spend less time on technology support-related issues - so you can spend more time making your business successful. Windows Vista Business simply makes it easier to manage how your employees connect to your network and to ensure that they get more out of their PCs, both in and out of the office. Be future-ready and lay the IT foundation that your business needs for today and tomorrow.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D8676181	Here it is: the preferred edition of Windows for home desktop and mobile PCs. Windows Vista Home Premium delivers the productivity and entertainment that you need from your PC at home or on the go. It includes Windows Media Center, which helps you more easily enjoy your digital photos, TV, movies, and music. Plus, you'll have the peace of mind of knowing that your PC has a whole new level of security and reliability. All together, Windows Vista Home Premium redefines enjoyment in home computing.Windows Vista SP1 is an update to Windows Vista that addresses feedback from customers. In addition to previously released updates, SP1 will contain changes focused on addressing specific reliability and performance issues, supporting new types of hardware, and adding support for several emerging standards. SP1 also addresses some management, deployment, and support challenges.
D8677133	Marketing description is not available.
D8677147	Marketing description is not available.
D8678382	Succeeding the popular Hyper 212, the Hyper 212 Plus carries on the legacy of providing a great balance of performance and noise level during high and low speed operations. Hyper 212 Plus is Cooler Master's first cooler to be equipped with an all-in-one mounting solution.
D8678424	Expand the storage capacity of your laptop or desktop PC, with a sleek Verbatim Portable USB Hard Drive. Whether you are on the go or at home, rest assured that your favorite music, photos, video and critical data are safe. Each drive is constructed of a durable casing to provide protection during transport.
D8678428	Expand the storage capacity of your laptop or desktop PC, with a sleek Verbatim Portable USB Hard Drive. Whether you are on the go or at home, rest assured that your favorite music, photos, video and critical data are safe. Each drive is constructed of a durable casing to provide protection during transport.
D8678825	The Club 3D HD4850 offers rock solid performance and ultra realistic effects for today's hottest PC games. It is designed for the ultimate balance between high-definition video playback and PC gaming entertainment. The Club 3D HD4850 is the ultimate upgrade for an extreme powerful multimedia PC.
D8679522	Intel Celeron 220 on boardIntel 945GC/ ICH7 chipset2 x DDR2 DIMM sockets support up to 4GB of system memoryHigh speed Gigabit Lan connectivityMini-ITX form factor
D8679697	Adding an SSD to a desktop already using a standard hard disk drive is a smart and efficient way to upgrade. Transferring the operating system and applications from the HDD to the SSD allows the SSD to be used as a bootable drive that takes full advantage of the flash-based technology.For notebooks, SSDNow drives are a perfect replacement for hard drives resulting in faster, more reliable performance. Making this change will improve a notebook's efficiency in a wide range of tasks, from booting up to running the most robust operating system and demanding applications.SSDNow uses a standard SATA interface but, unlike a regular HDD, SSD is very rugged and built with no moving parts, making it ideal for power users and road warriors who push the limits of their notebooks. Other benefits include reduced power usage, less noise and less heat generation. Kingston's SSDNow V Series offers performance gains and power consumption reductions at a fraction of the cost of a system.
D8679700	Adding an SSD to a desktop already using a standard hard disk drive is a smart and efficient way to upgrade. Transferring the operating system and applications from the HDD to the SSD allows the SSD to be used as a bootable drive that takes full advantage of the flash-based technology.For notebooks, SSDNow drives are a perfect replacement for hard drives resulting in faster, more reliable performance. Making this change will improve a notebook's efficiency in a wide range of tasks, from booting up to running the most robust operating system and demanding applications.SSDNow uses a standard SATA interface but, unlike a regular HDD, SSD is very rugged and built with no moving parts, making it ideal for power users and road warriors who push the limits of their notebooks. Other benefits include reduced power usage, less noise and less heat generation. Kingston's SSDNow V Series offers performance gains and power consumption reductions at a fraction of the cost of a system.
D8679702	Adding an SSD to a desktop already using a standard hard disk drive is a smart and efficient way to upgrade. Transferring the operating system and applications from the HDD to the SSD allows the SSD to be used as a bootable drive that takes full advantage of the flash-based technology.For notebooks, SSDNow drives are a perfect replacement for hard drives resulting in faster, more reliable performance. Making this change will improve a notebook's efficiency in a wide range of tasks, from booting up to running the most robust operating system and demanding applications.SSDNow uses a standard SATA interface but, unlike a regular HDD, SSD is very rugged and built with no moving parts, making it ideal for power users and road warriors who push the limits of their notebooks. Other benefits include reduced power usage, less noise and less heat generation. Kingston's SSDNow V Series offers performance gains and power consumption reductions at a fraction of the cost of a system.
D8679704	Adding an SSD to a desktop already using a standard hard disk drive is a smart and efficient way to upgrade. Transferring the operating system and applications from the HDD to the SSD allows the SSD to be used as a bootable drive that takes full advantage of the flash-based technology.For notebooks, SSDNow drives are a perfect replacement for hard drives resulting in faster, more reliable performance. Making this change will improve a notebook's efficiency in a wide range of tasks, from booting up to running the most robust operating system and demanding applications.SSDNow uses a standard SATA interface but, unlike a regular HDD, SSD is very rugged and built with no moving parts, making it ideal for power users and road warriors who push the limits of their notebooks. Other benefits include reduced power usage, less noise and less heat generation. Kingston's SSDNow V Series offers performance gains and power consumption reductions at a fraction of the cost of a system.
D8679739	The youthful and minimalistic Hanns. G HH series Widescreen TFT LCD monitors 19" offer the most comprehensive selection. Its black mirror gloss frame complements every environment perfectly, and allows you to embrace fashion economically. HH series features blazingly fast response speed and fluid image projection to allow viewers to playback high-resolution images or gamers to experience realistic 3D games, offering superb value and exceptional enjoyment for work and entertainment.
D8680083	This motherboard brings ASRock instant boot, which is able to boot up system in an amazing speed, it only takes 3 to 4 seconds to boot up to Windows which is 10 times faster than traditional boot up to Windows. ASRock instant boot can also guarantee a clean Windows OS, and consume less power!
D8680486	The Outdoor Camera Enclosure (model TV-H500) protects TRENDnet Internet security cameras from extreme temperature conditions with an IP66 weather rating.This durable aluminum enclosure is designed for use with compatible TRENDnet Internet security cameras.Mount the enclosure on most surfaces with the included mounting kit. The enclosure's final fixed position can be adjusted 360 degrees left-to-right, 40 degrees below horizontal and 15 degree above horizontal.
D8684555	Marketing description is not available.
D8685302	Samsung was first to market with a 2Gb DDR3 chip, which is today's highest-density production memory product and boasts special low power technology, operating at 1.5V and 1.35V. Low-power DDR3 will be a critical element in reducing data center costs, improving server time management and increasing overall efficiency. For the generation of "green" servers, Samsung 2Gb DDR3 will help reduce electricity bills as well as cut the total cost of ownership by lowering system power consumption and decreasing the need for cooling equipment.Samsung DDR3 SDRAM is the optimal memory for today's powerful, compute intensive hardware and software platforms. In particular, DDR3 is the ideal memory for the data center, which has a well-documented need for more performance with less energy consumption. Server electricity expenditures are increasing annually, with an average data center consuming the equivalent energy of 25,000 households.The DDR3 standard, based on the JEDEC specification, continues the performance and density increases and architectural improvements seen in the preceding generations of computer memory. Samsung DDR3 delivers extremely high bandwidth, with data rates currently up to 1.6Gbps, operating at voltages as low as 1.35V for the latest 50nm-node process technology.
D8686359	2GB memory moduleLatency of 9-9-9-24 for maximum reliability and performance
D8686367	PRODUCT FEATURES:NVIDIA unified architectureGigaThread technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA SLI technologyNVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA)PCI Express 2.0 supportNVIDIA quantum effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideo HD technology
D8687057	The AVM FRITZ!WLAN USB Stick N lets you use the fast WLAN N standard (Draft 2.0) to its fullest. The stick also supports wireless standards 802.11g, b and a. Thanks to its compact design, you can connect it directly to your USB port. No CD installation is necessary since all the data you need to use the stick is already on it. And Stick & Surf technology developed by AVM ensures an automatic and secure WLAN connection. FRITZ!WLAN USB Stick N enables wireless connections in the 2.4 and 5 Gigahertz bands.
D8687276	AVerTV Duo Hybrid PCI-E adopts PCI Express x1 interface, which is quicker than the PCI bus in transmission speed, in theory offering up to 4 times comparing to PCI interface. The AVerTV Duo Hybrid PCI-E ensures continuously clear video and occupies less CPU resources whilst processing transmission. AVerTV Duo Hybrid brings you significantly more stable and smooth picture quality during VCD/DVD compression.The AVerTV Duo Hybrid PCI-E includes two digital terrestrial (DVB-T)/ worldwide analog (PAL/SECAM/NTSC) TV receiver modules. Users can get access of free-to-air digital terrestrial TV in MPEG-2 sound and image quality on the PC. The best part is that you won't be vexed again for choosing to record one of your two favorite shows. The AVerTV Duo Hybrid PCI-E can be used to record two live TV programs at the same time.
D8687277	Marketing description is not available.
D8689152	The world is a big place, especially with friends and family spread out from coast to coast. Fortunately, the Logitech Webcam Pro 9000 can bridge any distance, and you'll look good doing it with the help of Zeiss optics with autofocus.
D8689153	You and your best friend used to share everything. And now that you're both grown up, you've got a whole new set of reasons to stay in touch. Keep sharing your life as you live it.
D8689154	The Logitech Webcam C200. Get started without hassles. Communicate without borders. Video calling is free, fast and easy with Logitech Vid. Your webcam's VGA sensor lets you see the people you care about in lifelike color. You can also take snapshots at up to 1.3 megapixels. And you'll hear your loved ones clearly without a headset or background noise thanks to the built-in microphone with Logitech RightSound technology. With its universal clip, your webcam attaches securely to LCD monitors and notebooks or sits on a shelf or desk.
D8689155	Looking great shouldn't be hard work, even on the road. The Logitech portable webcam C905 makes it easy to get razor-sharp, true-to-life widescreen video and up to 8-megapixel HD quality snapshots wherever you're heading.
D8689156	Moving away doesn't have to mean your most important relationships fade away. With high-performance hardware and video calling that's free, fast, and easy - you can now keep close to friends and family.
D8689157	Experience special moments face-to-face, no matter where you are. It's simple with easy video calling thanks to Logitech Vid - plus rich, vibrant images and 5-megapixel photos.
D8690346	If full-speed Blu-ray playback and HDMI audio 7.1 capabilities are your thing, then the ATI Radeon HD 4350 is your card. Offering 8GB of memory bandwidth paired with DDR2 memory, this low-profile card fits in almost any case or motherboard designed to have a PCI Express video card in it.
D8690664	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards. Dollar-for-dollar, this GPU packs great performance.
D8690733	AMD 790FX chipset is designed to support up to 5200MT/s HyperTransport 3.0 (HT 3.0) interface speed and quad PCI Express 2.0 x16 graphics. It is optimized with AMD AM3 and multi-core CPUs to provide excellent system performance and overclocking capabilities.ATI's CrossFireX boosts image quality along with rendering speed, eliminating the need to scale down screen resolution to get high quality images. CrossFireX allows higher anti-aliasing, anisotropic filtering, shading, and texture settings. Adjust your display configurations, experiment with the advanced 3D settings, and check the effects with real-time 3D-rendered previews within ATI Catalyst control center.Any memory is A-OK! Memory compatibility is among the top concerns when it comes to computer upgrades. Worry no more, MemOK! is the fastest memory booting solution today. This remarkable memory rescue tool requires nothing but a push of a button to patch memory issues and get your system up and running in no time. The technology is able to determine failsafe settings that can dramatically improve system booting success.Ever wish that you could have a more expansive CPU? Upgrade your CPU at no additional cost with ROG's CPU level up! Simply pick the processor you wanted to OC to and the motherboard will do the rest! See the CPU speed and enjoy that performance instantly. Overclocking is never as easy as this.Compare with traditional stacked-fin heatpipe solution, the generation pin-fin thermal design result in better thermal performance, which enlarges the "heat-exchange" surface area surface and breaks the "Boundary-layer" phenomenon for effective airflow. The pin-fin thermal module is the most efficient thermal system there is on the motherboard.The iROG is a special IC which enables several ROG highlighted functions that gives users full disposal of the motherboard at any stage! This design allows advanced user control and management to be processed purely at a hardware level. iROG greatly increases fun during overclocking for PC enthusiasts and it offers system maintenance and management with more control and efficiency.Debug and read system problems with an external look! The LCD poster now posts critical post information in an ever friendly and flexible external display. When system malfunction occurs, the LCD poster automatically detects device failure and translates the errors on the LCD during post.
D8690734	The ASUS Workstation Series is the ideal foundation for a powerful PC. It delivers awesome power, dependable performance and unparallel multiple I/O scalability for the most demanding tasks and future upgrades. Also, it provides extreme power saving experience with EPU-6 Engine function. The ASUS Workstation Series intelligently reduces operation noise and dissipates heat through advanced and environmentally friendly methods to accommodate user needs. Don't change yourself for a computer. Instead, let ASUS Workstation Series improves the quality of your work and life.
D8690735	This motherboard supports next-generation SATA hard drives based on the SATA 3Gb/s storage specification. It provides convenient connectivity to external home theater audio systems via coaxial and optical S/PDIF-out jacks. It allows you to transfer digital audio without converting to analog format and keeps the best signal quality.
D8690736	This motherboard supports the Intel 45nm CPU which introduces micro-architecture features for greater performance at a given frequency, up to 50% larger L2 caches, and expanded power management capabilities for new levels of energy efficiency.This motherboard supports next-generation SATA hard drives based on the SATA 3Gb/s storage specification.This motherboard provides convenient connectivity to external home theater audio systems via coaxial and optical S/PDIF-out (SONY-PHILIPS Digital Interface) jacks. It allows transferring digital audio without converting to analog format and keeps the best signal quality.
D8690737	This motherboard supports the latest Intel 45nm CPU which introduces micro-architecture features for greater performance at a given frequency, up to 50% larger L2 caches, and expanded power management capabilities for levels of energy efficiency.This motherboard provides convenient connectivity to external home theater audio systems via an optical or coaxial S/PDIF-out jack. It allows transferring digital audio without converting to analog format and keeps the best signal quality.
D8690739	To attain top performance, ASUS engineers have successfully unleashed DDR2 1200 (O.C.) MHz to meet the higher bandwidth requirements of the operation system, 3D graphics, multimedia, and Internet applications.NVIDIA GeForce 8200 offers the latest support of DirectX10 graphics features. It also supports HyperTransport 3.0 interface, PCI Express 2.0 bus architecture, Serial ATA 3 Gb/s devices and is optimized with AMD's AM2+ and multi-core CPUs to provide excellent system performance.This motherboard supports next-generation SATA hard drives based on the SATA 3Gb/s storage specification, allowing RAID 0, RAID 1, RAID 0+1, RAID 5 and JBOD configurations for five SATA connectors.Enjoy high-end sound system on your PC! The onboard 8-channel HD audio CODEC enables high-quality 192KHz/24-bit audio output, jack-sensing feature, retasking functions and multi-streaming technology that simultaneously sends different audio streams to different destinations. You can now talk to your partners on the headphone while playing a multi-channel network games. All of these are done on one computer.
D8690763	The ASUS VH222D is a 21.5" 16:9 widescreen with 1920 x 1080 resolution enables borderless Full HD 1080p full-screen video display.
D8692490	SH-S223L 22x half-height SATA DVD writer with LightScribe includes powerful overspeed support, low noise and vibration control for high speed, and optimized algorithm for fastest speed.
D8692495	Tear through the latest games with seamless frame rates and go beyond HD1 with the power of the ATI Radeon HD 4890 graphics processing unit (GPU). Building on the strength of the ATI Radeon 4800 series award-winning architecture, this GPU stands out from the rest with massive graphics processing muscle. Take ultimate control over your game and crank it up with scalable performance. Go ahead, max out the settings and put the ATI Radeon HD 4890 through its paces.
D8692496	The HD 4730 uses the latest GDDR5 memory and the powerful graphics architectures from the ATI division of AMD, incorporating multipurpose stream processing units, integrated memory management architecture and on-chip hardware video decoding.Sapphire HD 4730 has 640 stream processors - twice as many as previous generation midrange cards - and core clock speed of 750MHz - faster than competing products - together with 512MB of GDDR5 memory with a 128-bit interface clocked at 900MHz (3600MHz effective). The Sapphire HD 4730 delivers excellent performance for gaming or image rendering at a competitive price point.Like the previous generation, Sapphire HD 4730 supports DirectX10.1 for enhanced rendering performance and special lighting effects now being implemented in the latest games. The Sapphire HD 4730 series uses the PCI-Express Gen2 interface, and features connectors for CrossFireX bridge cables, allowing two cards to be used together on a CrossFireX compatible mainboard for higher graphics performance. The Sapphire HD 4730 uses a conventional two slot fan assisted cooler optimized for low noise and offers dual-link DVI, VGA and HDMI ports on the bracket, allowing a choice of two displays to be used without adapters.
D8692561	The Sound Blaster Play! Sound card provides the easiest and most portable solution to enjoy quality plug and play audio. Upgrade from basic, built-in audio to the renowned Sound Blaster audio now and experience what millions of users all around the world are already enjoying!CMSS upmixes any stereo audio content to surround audio, letting you immerse in a virtual concert with your favorite music files. You can even organize your digital music files, clean up your music and more with the Creative MediaSource!
D8692851	Ultra-slim and ultra-elegant, the ToC design is inspired by the artistic integrity of hand blown glass. The translucent charcoal gray gradation of the bezel and cobalt blue hues of the clear crystal neck subtly shift in color depending upon external light conditions, creating an exquisite interplay between the monitor and the environment that it is placed in.
D8693825	The three-piece BXR1221 system features great bass and styling that's at home anywhere. It lets you enhance your listening enjoyment and get the full spectrum of sound.
D8693826	Who says value-priced speakers need to be boring little boxes? The versatile VS2620 stereo speaker system boldly breaks the mold with striking contemporary design and crystal-clear sound for music, movies and games. The unique angled shape directs the full-spectrum audio toward you for improved sound imaging and their compact size is ideal for desktop use. All the controls are right at hand. As an added convenience, the handy secondary input jack lets you connect your MP3 or CD player while still linked to your computer.
D8693827	The VS2621 three-piece speaker system for computers and MP3 players was built with one purpose in mind - deliver blow-your-socks-off sound without blowing your budget. The unique angled shape of the satellites directs full-spectrum audio toward you for improved audio dynamics while the side-firing subwoofer pumps out impressive bass. Its compact size makes it ideal for small spaces, but there's nothing small about the sound. All controls are at your fingertips and a handy secondary input jack lets you connect your MP3 or CD player while still linked to your computer.
D8694039	Gainward's award winning High-Performance/Wide-Bandwidth hardware design powered by NVIDIA's GeForce 9800GT GPU integrating 1024MB/256bits high-speed GDDR3 memory which offers enhanced, leading-edge performance for the 3D enthusiasts.
D8694040	Powered by NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GT GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10 and OpenGL 2.1 supportIntegrated with industry's best 512 MB GDDR3 memory and 256-bit memory interfaceSupports NVIDIA PureVideo HD technologyFeatures Dual link DVI-I / D-sub / HDMI with HDCP protection
D8694042	Powered by NVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT 40% more power efficient GPUSupports PCI Express 2.0Microsoft DirectX 10 and OpenGL 2.1 supportIntegrated with industry's best 512 MB GDDR3 memory and 256-bit memory interfaceSupports NVIDIA PureVideo HD technologyFeatures Dual link DVI-I / D-sub / HDMI with HDCP protection
D8694072	The GX623 selects the ECO engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function by MSI notebook, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks. Touch the ECO quick launch touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, dealing with office documentation tasks, or looking forward to minimizing the battery power consumption. All you have to do is to press lightly on the "ECO OFF" to return to the original setting.The outer body is once again surrounded with the ingenious flame design as an extension of the previous G-series' unique element, symbolizing the essence of speed, marking the total presence of the G-series. Furthermore, the GX623 has selected aluminum as the base for MSI's exterior, and adding the metallic threads for design on the cover, giving it an outstanding sense of fashion. The high quality feel of the body added with the flames as the concept of speed, the GX623 is a must-have accessory for the modern stylish games obsessed with speed, a totally new experience in gaming.The GX623 has applied the aerodynamic touchpad design, using a simple black mirror plate as base and red linings to accentuate the slickness of the faceplate. There are no added accessories, and under the icy colors evolve a sense of elegance and professionalism.
D8694073	With MSI exclusive Turbo Drive Engine technology, while the GX623 is in AC mode, just by touching the turbo button above the keyboard, you can simultaneously increase the speed of your CPU, also the computer will run smoother and to the best of its abilities.The GX623 selects the ECO Engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function by MSI notebook, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks. Touch the ECO quick launch touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, dealing with office documentation tasks, or looking forward to minimizing the battery power consumption.The GX623 has applied the aerodynamic touchpad design, using a simple black mirror plate as base and red linings to accentuate the slickness of the faceplate. There are no added accessories, and under the icy colors evolve a sense of elegance and professionalism. It creates a sharp contrast to the outer body, adding even more individualism to the GX623. All you have to do is to touch gently on the touch sensor to start any applications while operating, just as simple as that.
D8694451	The MK3263GSX is the next generation offering all the invaluable specifications appreciated by Toshiba OEMs and system integrators.The MK3263GSX is a 320GB, 5400 rpm, 2.5-inch hard disk drive featuring "Silent-Seek Technology" which has made it a favorite storage device for consumer electronic manufacturers of audio visual devices. Production of embedded hard disk drives appearing in televisions sets and DVD HDD recorders is increasing in Europe due to the growing availability of instant audio and visual content. Therefore, manufacturers and consumers are demanding rugged drives with low operational acoustics in order to enjoy uncompromised recorded content. In addition, this model is extremely environmentally friendly, boasting 20% improvement in increased energy consumption efficiency, lower CO2 emission of 95g a year, halogen-free, RoHS compatible and is a certified Toshiba ECP product.
D8694614	GeForce 9600GT features twice the precision of prior generations for incredibly realistic lighting effects — now with support for anti-aliasing.NVIDIA's third-generation GPU architecture built for Windows Vista gives users the best possible experience with the 3D graphical user interface in the upcoming operation system (OS) from Microsoft.Blazing-fast RAMDACs support dual QXGA displays with ultra-high, ergonomic refresh rates - up to 2048x1536 85Hz.Able to drive the industry's largest and highest resolution flat-panel displays.Capable of supporting digital output for high resolution monitors (up to 2560x1600).World’s first DirectX 10 GPU with full Shader Model 4.0 support delivers unparalleled levels of graphics realism and film-quality effects.GeForce 9600GT smoothly playbacks H.264, MPEG-2, and WMV video — including WMV HD — with minimal CPU usage so the PC is free to do other work.NVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA) delivers a proven record of compatibility, reliability, and stability with the widest range of games and applications. ForceWare provides the best out-of-box experience and delivers continuous performance and feature updates over the life of NVIDIA GeForce GPUs.NVIDIA Lumenex Engine delivers stunning image quality and floating point accuracy at ultra-fast frame rates.NVIDIA nView multi-display technology provides the ultimate in viewing flexibility and control for multiple monitors.Advanced shader processors architected for physics computation enable a level of physics effects to be simulated and rendered on the GPU — all while freeing the CPU to run the game engine and AI.NVIDIA SLI technology delivers up to 2x the performance of a single GPU configuration for unparalleled gaming experiences by allowing two graphics cards to run in parallel. The must-have feature for performance PCI Express graphics, SLI dramatically scales performance on over 60 top PC games.Massively multi-threaded architecture supports thousands of independent, simultaneous threads, providing extreme processing efficiency in advanced, next generation shader programs.
D8696102	Marketing description is not available.
D8696426	The Lenovo N500 notebook is designed specifically for the small business customer who demands great value and expects features to fit their specific needs. It combines performance, design and multimedia tools for an enhanced user experience.If your end users have the need for a notebook that supports double duty usage with enhanced multimedia and connectivity options for on-the-go flexibility and the latest technologies, the Lenovo N500 notebook is a stylish widescreen notebook combining popular features at a great price.
D8696443	Expand the storage capacity of your laptop or desktop PC, with a sleek Verbatim Portable USB Hard Drive. Whether you are on the go or at home, rest assured that your favorite music, photos, video and critical data are safe. Each drive is constructed of a durable casing to provide protection during transport.
D8696444	Expand the storage capacity of your laptop or desktop PC, with a sleek Verbatim Portable USB Hard Drive. Whether you are on the go or at home, rest assured that your favorite music, photos, video and critical data are safe. Each drive is constructed of a durable casing to provide protection during transport.
D8696445	Expand the storage capacity of your laptop or desktop PC, with a sleek Verbatim Portable USB Hard Drive. Whether you are on the go or at home, rest assured that your favorite music, photos, video and critical data are safe. Each drive is constructed of a durable casing to provide protection during transport.
D8696446	Expand the storage capacity of your laptop or desktop PC, with a sleek Verbatim Portable USB Hard Drive. Whether you are on the go or at home, rest assured that your favorite music, photos, video and critical data are safe. Each drive is constructed of a durable casing to provide protection during transport.
D8696447	Expand the storage capacity of your laptop or desktop PC, with a sleek Verbatim Portable USB Hard Drive. Whether you are on the go or at home, rest assured that your favorite music, photos, video and critical data are safe. Each drive is constructed of a durable casing to provide protection during transport.
D8696829	The slim design gives you plenty of room for all your computer applications and multiple images. Plus, the Samsung 2243BW is a perfect fit no matter where you choose to enjoy it.Every image is illuminated with a dynamic contrast ratio of DC 8,000:1. Brighter images are brighter, darker images appear darker, resulting in superior quality.
D8696830	The slim design gives you plenty of room for all your computer applications and multiple images. Plus, the Samsung 2243BW is a perfect fit no matter where you choose to enjoy it.Every image is illuminated with a dynamic contrast ratio of DC 8,000:1. Brighter images are brighter, darker images appear darker, resulting in superior quality.
D8696834	Marketing description is not available.
D8697211	ATI Hybrid CrossFireX technology is a unique hybrid multi-GPU technology. It takes your gaming experience to the next level boosting PC performance by enabling the chipset's integrated graphics processor and a discrete GPU to operate simultaneously with combined output for blisteringly-fast frame rates unleashing the graphics performance.High-Definition Multimedia Interface (HDMI) is a set of digital video standards that delivers multi-channel audio and uncompressed digital video for full HD 1080p visuals through through a single cable. Supporting HDCP copy protection such as HD DVD and Blu-ray Discs, HDMI provides you with the highest-quality home theater experience.As power is a key determinant of audio quality, professional AV equipment usually separate power supply for different channels or analog/digital signals to ensure high sound quality. The M4A78-HTPC/RC is the first motherboard to be equipped with the revolutionary ASUS Absolute Pitch Hi-Fi technology, which utilizes audio components with an independent power connector. This effectively reduces electronic noise to ensure purer sound quality. Additionally, the gold-plated RCA stereo audio connectors are compatible with amplifiers without requiring additional connectors - making it simple to link PCs to home theater equipment.
D8697212	This motherboard supports the PCIe 2.0 devices for double speed and bandwidth which enhances system performance. And it also supports next-generation SATA hard drives based on the SATA 3Gb/s storage specification.
D8697213	The ASUS M2A74-AM supports AMD AM3 multi-core processors with unique L3 cache and delivers better overclocking capabilities with less power consumption. It features dual-channel DDR2 1066 memory support and accelerates data transfer rate up to 2600MT/s via HyperTransport 1.0 based system bus. This motherboard also supports AMD CPUs in the 45nm manufacturing process.
D8697215	Super ML cap for up to 330% overclocking marginUp to 15% GPU core voltage noise reductionUp to 15°C lower GPU temperatureHDMI outputASUS Gamer OSDPCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportMicrosoft DirectX 10 and Shader Model 4.0 supportOpenGL 2.1 supportHDCP compliantNVIDIA PureVideo HD technologyNVIDIA Quantum technology
D8697216	Native HDMI output support40% energy savingUltimate armament delivers top quality VGA
D8697217	ASUS' Xonar Essence ST audio card with world's first precision audio clock tuning offers a revolutionary listening experience.In its search for the purest essence of sound, ASUS have broken the boundaries with the soundcard on the market, the Xonar Essence ST. This PCI card is the world's first audio card to incorporate precision clock tuning to minimize audio jitter, bringing the user a clearer, crisper listening experience.The Xonar Essence ST is capable of achieving an industry-leading 124dB SNR (Signal-to-Noise Ratio) in signal clarity and offers a built-in headphone amplifier to obtain the best performance out of any available pair of headphones. Thanks to ASUS' exclusive Hyper-grounding and EMI Shield design, even the most demanding audiophile will be satisfied with the unprecedented sound quality.
D8697218	With industry-leading PAPS and AACS compliance, now you get true Blu-ray audio quality when played on your PC system, only with Xonar HDAV1.3!With upgradeable PAPS on Xonar HDAV1.3, lossless compressed digital audio formats, such as Dolby TrueHD and DTS-HD master audio will be supported for theater-like, professional sound quality, and full flavor output at 96K or 192K is guaranteed.Xonar HDAV1.3 invents its fantastic audio quality with proprietary ASUS AV200, high quality oversampling digital to analog converters, national semiconductor LM4562 OP AMP, and analog-to-digital converter (cirrus logic CS5381, 120dB SNR).
D8697219	Designed by the CES-award winning ASUS Xonar team, this latest member of the Xonar D series is equipped with design features found only on high-end audio equipment, fully catering to audiophiles seeking to enjoy high fidelity audio on their PCs - across all forms of entertainment including music, movies and games.The Xonar DS boasts 107dB SNR, which is 12 times clearer than most onboard audio solutions. By eliminating 91% of background noise, the Xonar DS lets gamers hear every detail in the game audio, allowing them to locate enemies from a distance and thus giving them the edge in their games. This noise elimination also leads to a more enjoyable movie watching and music listening experience, with previously noise-obscured sounds coming to life with the Xonar DS' high fidelity audio presentation. The Xonar DS performs equally well in a wide variety of usage scenarios, delivering the best sounding audio in each situation.VocalFX is an innovative voice processing technology that allows users to insert voices into realistic game landscapes (VoiceEX), or inject audio ‘backdrops' into online chats (ChatEX). It also allows them to change their voice pitch to disguise who they are (Magic Voice). These features dramatically increase the fun of voice communication during multiplayer gaming and online chats.The Xonar DS offers a host of connectivity options and conveniences. It boasts an Intel HDA compatible jack-sensing front panel header which automatically switches signals from the back panel to the front whenever headphones are plugged into the front panel output. Providing the best digital output connectivity among low-profile cards, the Xonar DS' S/PDIF output combines with the less utilized rear surround analog output jack, and the optical digital output adaptor is bundled in package. This means that users no longer need to purchase extra digital I/O modules, unlike certain competitors' products. The Xonar DS has another onboard internal S/PDIF header, offering excellent digital audio to HDMI-ready graphics cards.Normal sound cards can only support up to 96 kHz, which just cannot keep up with the 192 kHz/24-bit lossless audio content standard. The Xonar DS 192 kHz/24-bit playback support allows users to enjoy every music file converted at the highest quality without any sample rate downgrade.Normally only present on high-end audio equipment, the design utilized by the Xonar DS includes swappable OPamp sockets that allow users to customize their sound by solderlessly adjusting the OPamp, creating the listening flavors with ease.
D8697396	Corsair's performance 1066MHz CL5 DDR2 4GB memory kit for maximum reliability and performance. The XMS brand family is Corsair's mainstream line of performance memory. These modules allow users to experience outstanding memory performance and stability. Simply pop in this 4GB 1066MHz CL5 DDR2 memory kit into your system and see the difference in performance.
D8697397	Replacing your hard disk drive with the Corsair P128 SSD will revolutionize your computing experience. Games launch quicker, your computer starts faster, multiple applications run much smoother, all while running cool and silent.Corsair's P128 SSD is the optimum SSD for your mobile or desktop computing needs. It provides outstanding performance, while the substantial drive capacity provides plenty of storage for lots of applications, music, pictures and video. The speed, capacity, and compatibility of the P128 are supported by the inherent reliability of solid state technology, resulting in a truly optimum solution for your mass storage requirements.
D8698068	LG W2286L features captivating design with glossy and luxurious black surface, compact & slim head, and unique style stand. World's slimmest design with 20mm depth.
D8698069	LG's monitor business is growing faster than the market average because of its perfect blending of smart technologies and stylish designs. LG has gone to great lengths to create eco-friendly LCD monitors with reduced power consumption while eliminating harmful materials like mercury. The line of consumer-focused monitors includes the W2486L series LED-backlit LCD monitor, with an incredible 2,000,000:1 contrast ratio and exceptional image quality. It is the slimmest 24-inch monitor available.
D8698402	The F8N185EA011 is a 10.2" netbook sleeve in neoprene with external easy to access storage pocket to carry and store your mouse and power adapter.
D8699330	Marketing description is not available.
D8705312	The 15.4" widescreen screen enables you to open many windows applets at the same time. VR603 features in 15.4" ACV widescreen display with 1280 x 800 high resolution which gives you the most detailed and intricate images, resulting in high saturation and high definition quality for a luxurious visual sensation that's easy on the eyes. Even after long periods in front of the VR603, your eyes won't feel uncomfortable. Featuring slim appearance, MSI VR603 is much more portable than other 15" notebooks in the market. So, VR603 is ideal for your work environment.The VR603 has an independent numeric keypad to the right of the keyboard. Using this keypad is intuitive and requires no extra learning process on the part of the user. VR603 features MSI exclusive ECO Engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function of MSI Notebook, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks.To deliver truly high performance computing power, VR603 powered by the Intel Pentium processor. Additionally VR603 is also equipped with a 4 well distributed USB 2.0 ports, and a Multi-DVD burner. So, you can easy to edit or save high-quality photOS/video. Moreover, featuring the 802.11b/g/n wireless networking standard, the VR603 will get you on the Internet wirelessly anytime, while also featuring Bluetooth wireless transmission capability for added connectivity.
D8705315	Combing Color Film Print technology with ocean wave patterns in design, VR630 is much more portable than other 16" notebooks in the market. Besides, featuring independent numeric keypad to the right of the keyboard, so users requires no extra learning process on the part of the user. Additionally, VR630 has a multi-DVD burner, 3-in-1 card reader, and 3 well distributed USB 2.0 ports, facilitating connection with various types of computer peripherals. The VR630 is ideal for any environment, whether home, office, or school.
D8708895	With major advancements in video, graphics, responsiveness and scalability, P2-P5G41 provides an adequate performance and convenient platform for everyday computing. Besides, with the X-Wall encryption function, it encrypts/decrypts entire SATA hard drive including boot sector and operating system in real-time performance. Truly secure your information.
D8708896	With major advancements in video, graphics, responsiveness and scalability, P4-P5G41 provides an adequate performance and convenient platform for everyday computing. Besides, with the X-Wall encryption function, it encrypts/decrypts entire SATA hard drive including boot sector and operating system in real-time performance. Truly secure your information.
D8708951	V2-P5G41H is the most economic Intel solution with HDMI and delivers optimized 3D graphics performance. It supports high definition content, full 1080P, and smooth playback of Blue-ray. Moreover, with theater-like HD 8 channel audio, it allows better entertaining enjoyment with high quality sound.V2-P5G41H supports multiple display ports, HDMI, DVI, and D-sub, to provide rich connecting capability. Also it supports optical S/PDIF-out jack to connect external home theater audio systems.
D8709274	Marketing description is not available.
D8714130	Samsung's ToC 50 series monitors consume one-third less power than their competitors - equal to planting four new trees per year, are manufactured without the use of lead or Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) which are harmful to the environment, and have a reduced carbon footprint through innovations in packaging, shipping and manufacturing. Plus, the power-off feature automatically shuts off the monitor when you're not using it, not only saving energy but also prolonging the monitor life.Continuing its legacy of delivering leading-edge technology combined with unique aesthetic design, these monitors are finely crafted. The high-gloss bezel actually changes color with the room's light. Turn it on, and the function button automatically fades off.
D8714173	SH-S223L 22x half-height SATA DVD writer with LightScribe includes powerful overspeed support, low noise and vibration control for high speed, and optimized algorithm for fastest speed.
D8714279	Marketing description is not available.
D8717674	The Club 3D HD3450 is based on latest graphics technology for PC. Designed for optimal desktop performance, image quality and compatibility with Windows, Office and Internet applications. Highly affordable desktop graphics with build in High Definition Video processor for excellent video playback.
D8717675	With all the latest features, the Club 3D HD 4350 graphics card delivers the performance you need to take your high-definition experience to the next level at home, work and play. Add this graphics card to your PC and watch Blu-ray movies and HD content play with incredible visual fidelity, and view digital photos with over 1 billion colors. Enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism and play the latest games with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Do it all with break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8717682	Ultra-comfortable armband is hand-washable and water-resistant. It gives you full-protection and easy navigation access to your iPhone, while minimizing the bulk on your arm.
D8717684	Fashion-inspired leather case hugs your iPhone and protects it from everyday scratches and scuffs. With the comfortable belt clip, you'll always have it close and convenient.
D8717685	Fashion-inspired leather case hugs your iPhone and protects it from everyday scratches and scuffs. Cutout window allows for easy viewing of time and caller ID. Pull-tab feature lifts iPhone from the case for quick and easy navigation. With the comfortable clip, you'll always have it close and convenient.
D8717693	Charge and play your iPhone in the car and easily call hands-free. Get the best possible sound quality by plugging your iPhone or iPod directly into your car stereo's 3.5mm audio input.
D8717902	Marketing description is not available.
D8717903	Marketing description is not available.
D8717905	The TechSolo TMV-250S is an external 2.5" multimedia player for TV. It is easily playing your audio, video and photos on your TV.
D8717906	The TechSolo TMV-335SH is a 3.5" multimedia player for the connection to a TV. It is easily playing movies, music and photo files.
D8718288	Marketing description is not available.
D8718289	Marketing description is not available.
D8718292	Marketing description is not available.
D8718294	Marketing description is not available.
D8718295	Marketing description is not available.
D8718296	Marketing description is not available.
D8718297	Marketing description is not available.
D8718599	Premium DirectX 10 graphics with advanced digital display connectivityUp to 10x faster graphics performance than comparable systemsNVIDIA CUDA technology to accelerate the most demanding applications, vastly improving your PC's ability to work with visual content such as video encodingPremium 1080p HD video with true-fidelity 7.1 audio
D8718600	Premium DirectX 10 graphics with advanced digital display connectivityUp to 10x faster graphics performance than comparable systemsNVIDIA CUDA technology to accelerate the most demanding applications, vastly improving your PC's ability to work with visual content such as video encodingPremium 1080p HD video with true-fidelity 7.1 audio
D8718601	Marketing description is not available.
D8718602	Marketing description is not available.
D8718753	Marketing description is not available.
D8718755	Marketing description is not available.
D8718758	Marketing description is not available.
D8718762	Marketing description is not available.
D8718764	Marketing description is not available.
D8719408	Marketing description is not available.
D8721426	Full size, 6 button wireless mouse with 1000 dpi high precision optical technologyErgonomic design with comfortable rubber inlay for a firm grip2.4 GHz technology for smooth movement and 8 meter rangeSpecial button to switch sensitivity to 500 and 1000 dpiSmart link technology - easy automatic wireless connectionSide buttons for easy Internet exploring (page back/forward) and gamingJust plug and go and no need to install a driver
D8721697	Marketing description is not available.
D8722428	The Lenovo N500 notebook is designed specifically for the small business customer who demands great value and expects features to fit their specific needs. It combines performance, design and multimedia tools for an enhanced user experience.If your end users have the need for a notebook that supports double duty usage with enhanced multimedia and connectivity options for on-the-go flexibility and the latest technologies, the Lenovo N500 notebook is a stylish widescreen notebook combining popular features at a great price.
D8722602	With an onboard Nvidia 8 series GPU, the M3N78-VM motherboard from ASUS offers support for HDMI and the latest AM2 CPU's, including 140W. With ASUS Express Gate, you can access online functions in seconds and save power, with ASUS EPU Technology.
D8722603	P5KPL-CM with Intel G31 chipset inside supports Intel Quad-core CPU and features 1600(O.C)/1333/1066/800 MHz FSB, PCI Express x 16, Serial ATA interface, high performance integrated graphics engine, dual-channel DDR2 1066(O.C)/800/667 memory, and HD Audio CODEC. Users can experience faster graphics performance and higher video quality. P5KPL-CM is the most affordable all-in-one solution platform for Intel Core 2 processor with Intel G31 chipset inside.This motherboard supports the latest Intel Quad-core processors in LGA775 package. It also can support Intel next generation 45nm Multi-Core CPU. It's excellent for multi-tasking, multi-media and enthusiastic gamers with 1333/1066/800 MHz FSB. Intel Quad-core is one of the most powerful CPU in the world.This motherboard supports the latest Intel Core 2 processors in LGA775 package. With Intel Core microarchitecture technology and 1333/1066/800 MHz Intel Core 2 processor is one of the most powerful and energy efficient CPU in the world.
D8722605	PRODUCT FEATURES:New Generation Heatsink: Powerful heat dissipation enhancement with V engine design & aluminum alloyHDCP CompliantASUS Splendid
D8722606	PRODUCT FEATURES:0dB noiseless silent cooling solutionPCIe-2 interface, backward compatible to PCIeATI Avivo HD technologyHDCP compliantFull support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 and Shader Model 4.1OpenGL 2.0 support
D8722615	Marketing description is not available.
D8722617	The XMS3 family is Corsair's mainstream line of performance DDR3 memory. These modules allow users to experience outstanding memory performance and stability.
D8722618	Marketing description is not available.
D8722619	The XMS3 family is Corsair's mainstream line of performance DDR3 memory. These modules allow users to experience outstanding memory performance and stability.
D8722620	Marketing description is not available.
D8722621	The Corsair Cooling Hydro Series H50 CPU cooler gives you the power of liquid cooling in a compact, easy-to-install package. You get superior cooling for higher overclocking performance without the complexity of traditional liquid-cooling systems.Air-based CPU coolers simply aren't as efficient as water coolers, and can take up too much valuable space. The compact, closed-loop Hydro Series H50 takes your CPU's temperature to new lows and takes up less room doing it.
D8722677	It delivers up to 2x the performance of a single graphics card configuration for unequaled gaming experiences by allowing two cards to run in parallel. The must-have feature for performance PCI Express graphics, SLI technology dramatically scales performance on today's hottest games.It delivers a proven record of compatibility, reliability, and stability with the widest range of games and applications. ForceWare provides the best out-of-box experience and delivers continuous performance and feature updates over the life of NVIDIA GeForce GPU.It is designed to run perfectly with the PCI Express 2.0 bus architecture, offering a future-proofing bridge to tomorrow's most bandwidth hungry games and 3D applications by maximizing the 16 Gbps PCI Express 2.0 bandwidth.
D8722678	PRODUCT FEATURES:NVIDIA unified architectureGigaThread technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA SLI technologyNVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA)PCI Express 2.0 supportNVIDIA quantum effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideo HD technology
D8722683	The GA-EP31-DS3L motherboard supports Intel high performance CPU delivers the most energy-efficient performance available today. Based on Intel's Micro Architecture, the Intel multi-core processors with 4 cores and two shared L2 caches provide the best capability-per-watt solutions and are an ideal choice for multi-media enthusiasts and intensive multi-tasking environments. This cutting-edge processor offers significant performance boosts and provides an overall more energy efficient platform.Gigabyte Dynamic Energy Saver is a revolutionary technology that delivers unparalleled power savings with the simple click of a button. Featuring an advanced proprietary hardware and software design, Gigabyte Dynamic Energy Saver is able to provide exceptional power savings of up to 70% and up to 20% improved power efficiency without sacrificing computing performance.
D8722757	80 stream processorsSecond generation DirectX 10.1 architectureSupport ATI CrossFireX technologyUp to 1.7x performance per watt compared with ATI Radeon HD 3450Maximum power efficiency with ATI PowerPlay technologyHeatsink thermal solution without fan power consumption100% offload CPU from MPEG-2/VC-1/H.264 playbackUVD 2.0 - dual stream decodeHDMI with 7.1 surround sound outputLow profile designPassive thermal solutionLow temperatureSuperb video decoding performanceSuitable for Home Theater PC
D8722789	The Pure AMD 740G high value video mainboard solution support for the impressive AMD AM3 Phenom II, AM2+ Phenom, Athlon AM2 64/FX/ X2 processors, memory expansion of up to 8GB of 533/667/800/1066 Dual Channel, PCI-Express technology, onboard ATI Radeon HD2100 graphics engine to fill your multimedia needs, onboard LAN/USB 2.0 affords the luxury of connectivity without limitations, and for peak hard drive performance and backwards compatibility both IDE and RAID 0/1/10 SATA II support.
D8722791	Marketing description is not available.
D8722792	Marketing description is not available.
D8722793	Marketing description is not available.
D8723811	Marketing description is not available.
D8723812	Marketing description is not available.
D8723813	Marketing description is not available.
D8723814	Marketing description is not available.
D8723815	Marketing description is not available.
D8723816	Marketing description is not available.
D8723817	Marketing description is not available.
D8723818	Marketing description is not available.
D8723819	Marketing description is not available.
D8723820	Marketing description is not available.
D8723821	Marketing description is not available.
D8723917	Marketing description is not available.
D8723918	Front plasticsRemovableIncluding audio/USB
D8723919	Marketing description is not available.
D8723920	Marketing description is not available.
D8723921	Marketing description is not available.
D8723922	Marketing description is not available.
D8723923	Marketing description is not available.
D8723925	Marketing description is not available.
D8723926	Marketing description is not available.
D8723927	Marketing description is not available.
D8723928	Marketing description is not available.
D8723930	PRODUCT FEATURES:Air ductAdditional bezel for 5.25" slotMultifunctional display for timeHDD activityFan speed (CPU or case fan)Speed indicator styled temperature display (CPU, HDD or case)
D8723931	Marketing description is not available.
D8723933	Marketing description is not available.
D8723934	Marketing description is not available.
D8723935	Marketing description is not available.
D8723936	Marketing description is not available.
D8723937	Marketing description is not available.
D8723939	Marketing description is not available.
D8723940	Marketing description is not available.
D8723941	Marketing description is not available.
D8723942	Marketing description is not available.
D8723943	Marketing description is not available.
D8723944	Marketing description is not available.
D8723945	Marketing description is not available.
D8723946	Marketing description is not available.
D8723947	Marketing description is not available.
D8723948	Marketing description is not available.
D8723949	Marketing description is not available.
D8723952	PRODUCT FEATURES:ATX V2.9 / EPS 12VFree-plug - cable management4x PCI-EXPRESS (6/8 pin)4x +12V RAILHigh efficiency up to 85%Active PFC140MM fan6x SATA / 8x PATA
D8723953	Marketing description is not available.
D8723954	Marketing description is not available.
D8723955	Marketing description is not available.
D8723956	Marketing description is not available.
D8723957	Marketing description is not available.
D8723958	Marketing description is not available.
D8723959	The LC90NB is a universal notebook power adapter that works with virtually each notebook on the market.
D8723960	Marketing description is not available.
D8724042	Marketing description is not available.
D8724043	By combining premium quality server parts and modern CPU cooling techniques, SilverStone Technology was able to produce a fan less power supply that fits in any standard PC case and deliver abundant reserves of power. Possessing a peak rating of up to 400W+, the ST30NF can be used in a wide variety of application with very little compromise. Adding a fabulous all aluminum construction that is all business with a touch of SilverStone style, the ST30NF is truly a marvel of engineering.
D8724044	Marketing description is not available.
D8724045	Marketing description is not available.
D8724115	Marketing description is not available.
D8724117	Marketing description is not available.
D8724119	Marketing description is not available.
D8724121	Increase your flexibility by using this external drive box! It is ideal for those who often exchanging much data. Its chassis is made of aluminum which makes the case as tough as possible. See yourself! Ideal solution if you want to carry your, e.g. rewriter with you.
D8724123	Marketing description is not available.
D8724125	Marketing description is not available.
D8724127	Marketing description is not available.
D8724129	Marketing description is not available.
D8724131	Marketing description is not available.
D8724136	Marketing description is not available.
D8724137	Marketing description is not available.
D8724138	Marketing description is not available.
D8724139	Marketing description is not available.
D8724244	Marketing description is not available.
D8724245	Marketing description is not available.
D8724246	The ICY BOX IB-NAS3221 is a network-attached storage with RAID functions (RAID 1 and 0, NRAID, JBOD). So it's easy to share files in a network and to store them safely on two SATA HDDs. If necessary the EasySwap-mechanism makes a quick change of an HDD possible. With the integrated web server you can run your own website or blog.EasySwap - with the patent-protected EasySwap-mechanism you can install your SATA-HDD incredible fast: you just need to insert the HDD and close the cover. You don't need any screws and screwdrivers. A HDD change is also very easy: just take out the old HDD and slide in the one. So you can use the one case for all of your HDDs with different data.In contrast to a conventional PC or server, the ICY BOX IB-NAS3221-B uses much less electricity, which saves money and protects the environment. Download via BitTorrent without a running PC.
D8724248	Marketing description is not available.
D8724460	Everyone can make great prints with the SELPHY CP790, which features a 3.0" color LCD and large buttons with a user-friendly layout. A handy integrated storage case allows simple, tidy storage.
D8724585	Marketing description is not available.
D8727616	Elite 310 is a mid-tower that accommodates micro-ATX and ATX motherboards, built with a modern design body and multi-color frame on the front panel. This chassis maintains Elite's pedigree of compact-sized and quality build that would look great in any space. To express more character to the product, Elite 310 will have multi-color selections demanding for the customer in the future release.
D8727617	Elite 310 is a mid-tower that accommodates micro-ATX and ATX motherboards, built with a modern design body and multi-color frame on the front panel. This chassis maintains Elite's pedigree of compact-sized and quality build that would look great in any space. To express more character to the product, Elite 310 will have multi-color selections demanding for the customer in the future release.
D8727618	Elite 310 is a mid-tower that accommodates micro-ATX and ATX motherboards, built with a modern design body and multi-color frame on the front panel. This chassis maintains Elite's pedigree of compact-sized and quality build that would look great in any space. To express more character to the product, Elite 310 will have multi-color selections demanding for the customer in the future release.
D8727930	Marketing description is not available.
D8728930	PRODUCT FEATURES:Incredibly fast 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interfaceLightScribe support
D8728931	Internal BD-ROM/DVD rewriterWorld's fastest BD-R read speed of 8x
D8728932	LG BH08LS20 Super Multi Blue features 16x DVD+/-R write/read speed, SATA interface system and over speed writing technology (2x BD-R can record with 8x speed). Additional features include LightScribe Disc Labeling technology.
D8728953	Marketing description is not available.
D8728954	Marketing description is not available.
D8729105	The SA76G2 can be set up to work with an additional graphics card to control up to four monitors. The heatpipe cooling system ensures high reliability.
D8729295	Marketing description is not available.
D8729296	Marketing description is not available.
D8729297	Enjoy Videochat with all your friends with this webcam. The universal clip-on system makes it suitable for your notebook, flat panel screen or regular CRT screen. This webcam produces a high-quality image up to 1300K and has a turning head to point it in any direction you want! Clip on the easy one-ear headset and start chatting!
D8729298	Marketing description is not available.
D8729299	Marketing description is not available.
D8729300	Marketing description is not available.
D8729301	Marketing description is not available.
D8729302	The Point of View GeForce FX 5500 series lead video cards to break through 3D graphics limits and enter a new graphics generation, Cinematic Graphics world! You will find the amazing power of NVIDIA FX engine and experience the high performance just as visiting Hollywood Cinematic world!
D8729303	Marketing description is not available.
D8729304	Marketing description is not available.
D8729305	Marketing description is not available.
D8729306	Marketing description is not available.
D8729307	Marketing description is not available.
D8729308	Marketing description is not available.
D8729309	Marketing description is not available.
D8729310	Stylish traveling bags for 9" up to 10.2" mini notebookBig pocket on the front with 2 accessible compartments with zipper
D8729311	Marketing description is not available.
D8729312	Marketing description is not available.
D8729494	Marketing description is not available.
D8729495	Marketing description is not available.
D8729496	Marketing description is not available.
D8729497	Easy to install PC-case in aluminum designElegant and modern lookSupports mainstream Mini-ITX motherboardsChassis with a scratch-proof wrinkle texture coatingPower switch with crystal blue LED lightBuilt-in Media IO 56-in-1 card readerVentilated side panel
D8729498	Easy to install PC-case in aluminum designElegant and modern lookSupports mainstream Mini-ITX motherboardsChassis with a scratch-proof wrinkle texture coatingPower switch with crystal blue LED lightPerfect size Mini ITX PCBuilt-in Media IO 56-in-1 card readerVentilated side panel
D8729499	Marketing description is not available.
D8729500	Marketing description is not available.
D8729501	Marketing description is not available.
D8729502	Marketing description is not available.
D8729503	Marketing description is not available.
D8729644	Everyone loves sharing the photos they print with those who mean the most to them. Homes and offices everywhere are adorned with frames and photo albums filled with people's most cherished memories. In producing these beautiful images, people also want the flexibility of printing from any room of the house at a moment's notice. Now, the perfect printing companion can be yours with the versatility you want and the quality you need - The SELPHY CP780 compact photo printer.Preview, edit and add creativity to your images on a 2.5" LCD, easily enhance photos with portrait image optimize and automatic red-eye correction features while enjoying computer-less printing capabilities via compatible memory cards, PictBridge 2. All of this and more delivers what you're looking for - beautiful, borderless, water-resistant photos in color and black and white that last up to 100 years.
D8730418	2 x external and 1 x internal IEEE1394 6-pin portsSupport device hot swapping and Plug n PlayCompliant with IEEE 1394 and OHCI 1.1 standards and specificationInstalls in any available PCI Express slot with different lane width
D8730420	Marketing description is not available.
D8730423	Marketing description is not available.
D8730429	With a DVI video splitter it is possible to display a signal from a DVI video source on several monitors.
D8730509	Highly durable CosmoTex fabric, water- and dirt-repellent, also suitable for excursions into weightlessnessHigh-quality inner lining with artwork, gluten- and lactose-freeSuitable for up to 15.4" notebooks or three half-chickens with side dishesPadded compartments for notebook, mobile telephone, MP3-player and mobile HDD or anything else that could be needed for any occasionSpacious DIN A4 document compartment for visually demanding readingPen-holder, brings power (in the night)
D8730511	Extremely durable SharkResist neoprene, water and dirt repellent, without notebook, also suitable for Polar expeditionsHigh value inside lining holds inside what is promised outsideZIPprotect zips, reliable protect against the notebook being scratched and unpleasant clamping of USB cablesWhether hot or cold - always coolInside material not radio activeReliable transportation
D8730513	Extremely durable SharkResist neoprene, water and dirt repellent, without notebook, also suitable for Polar expeditionsHigh value inside lining holds inside what is promised outsideZIPprotect zips, reliable protect against the notebook being scratched and unpleasant clamping of USB cablesWhether hot or cold - always coolInside material not radio activeReliable transportation
D8730515	Extremely durable SharkResist neoprene, water and dirt repellent, without notebook, also suitable for Polar expeditionsHigh value inside lining holds inside what is promised outsideZIPprotect zips, reliable protect against the notebook being scratched and unpleasant clamping of USB cablesWhether hot or cold - always coolInside material not radio activeReliable transportation
D8735730	"Midgard-W" - home of mankind and protected by Thor, God of thunder, and his hammer. Signalizing the strength of divines and mercy, but at the same time proprietary the hardware you built in. Combined design and features such as SECC and steel mesh are spotlighting your chassis when your system is built. Furthermore this chassis is supplied with 2 x 120mm pre-installed fans, but another 5 fans can be mounted in different areas for best possible airflow. Tool free design and a "gorgeous" outlook are only a few points why this chassis is a "must" not only for enthusiast but also for PC beginners.Classic chassis exterior contains pure coating interior even with each screw. It is more elegant and fancy design than any other mid-tower chassis with ATX and Micro-ATX form factors.
D8736195	Club 3D HD4350 Graphics Card based on ATI RV710 technology. With all the latest features and a massive amount video memory, the Club 3D HD4350 graphics card delivers the performance you need to take your high-definition experience to the next level at home, work and play. Watch Blue-ray movies and HD content and use the native HDMI connector for a single cable connection between your HTPC and your graphics card. Do it all with a noiseless passive cooling system and break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8736654	An all-black finish and precision engineering on both interior and exterior that gives this edition CM 690 stylish appeal. Driven by passion and obsession to bring stylistic elegance to it and this quest for unmatched detailing leads to a seamless blend of design excellence and functionality.
D8736658	An all-black finish and precision engineering on both interior and exterior that gives this edition CM 690 stylish appeal. Driven by passion and obsession to bring stylistic elegance to it and this quest for unmatched detailing leads to a seamless blend of design excellence and functionality.
D8737794	With the highest factory overclocked version the Club 3D HD4890 Superclocked Edition stands out from the rest and offers more then 10% GPU performance than the award-winning HD4890 graphics cards. Club 3D got the power hardcore gamers and enthusiasts have been waiting for. Tear through the latest games with seamless frame rates and go beyond HD with the Club 3D HD4890 Superclocked Edition.
D8738567	With a wider range of depth and expression the SM2494 monitor from Samsung offers you the ability to take a more expansive view of your world. With its phenomenal resolution, response time and image clarity, it pushes you to the limits of your potential. With the Samsung SyncMaster 2494, it's not hard to imagine.
D8738590	Slim form factorDirect disc labeling - LightScribeManual disc eject functionWriteMaster technology
D8739304	Alpine 64 GT is a cooler designed for AMD CPU, offering a cost-effective and ultra quiet solution for system builders and distributors.
D8739305	The low speed 92 mm fan reduces the noise level to a minimum. The patented fan holder is able to practically eliminate the typical buzzing sound of 92 mm fans.
D8739306	Marketing description is not available.
D8739307	Circulation optimized fan bladesHigh airflowHigh static pressure
D8739308	Circulation optimized fan bladesHigh airflowHigh static pressure
D8739309	PRODUCT FEATURES:Circulation optimized fanBlades high airflowHigh static pressureLong lifetime
D8739311	Marketing description is not available.
D8739313	MX-2 is a high thermal conductivity and low thermal resistance compound for components that require optimum thermal dissipation. It is ideally suited for use in CPU, GPU cooling and other applications between power semiconductor components and heat sinks where thermal conductivity is a major factor.Since the MX-2 does not contain any metal particles, there are no problems regarding electrical conductivity or capacitance. Unlike other silver and copper compounds, MX-2 ensures that contact to electrical traces, pins and leads cannot result in any damage.With MX-2 no curing and no bleeding of the compound are possible. In contrast to other products, this compound does not show decreasing performance over time, does not need to be reapplied and has a durability of at least 8 years.
D8739314	MX-2 is a high thermal conductivity and low thermal resistance compound for components that require optimum thermal dissipation. It is ideally suited for use in CPU, GPU cooling and other applications between power semiconductor components and heat sinks where thermal conductivity is a major factor.Since the MX-2 does not contain any metal particles, there are no problems regarding electrical conductivity or capacitance. Unlike other silver and copper compounds, MX-2 ensures that contact to electrical traces, pins and leads cannot result in any damage.With MX-2 no curing and no bleeding of the compound are possible. In contrast to other products, this compound does not show decreasing performance over time, does not need to be reapplied and has a durability of at least 8 years.
D8739320	Marketing description is not available.
D8739321	Marketing description is not available.
D8739323	Marketing description is not available.
D8739324	Marketing description is not available.
D8739325	Marketing description is not available.
D8739352	Superior hardware design576MHz core clock, 999MHz (DDR 1998) memory clockHigh performance 2-slot fan coolingDual DVI (with Dual-link DVI, support up to 2560 x 1600) and HDMI supportProvides HDMI functionality up to 1080p resolutionSupports two monitors simultaneouslyEasy plug-and-play
D8739374	Designed with the gamer and PC enthusiast in mind, its dual 60mm fans optimize airflow around the modules to help memory run at peak performance for longer periods of time. The fan is made of anodized aluminum in the same familiar blue color as the HyperX heat spreaders. When turned on, the fan blades are illuminated by eight small blue LEDs.
D8739728	Marketing description is not available.
D8743973	Marketing description is not available.
D8743976	Marketing description is not available.
D8743978	Marketing description is not available.
D8743979	Marketing description is not available.
D8744683	Marketing description is not available.
D8745161	PRODUCT FEATURES:Selectable switchable 12V rails for univeral support of all ATX standardsFlexible cable management to optimize the space and airflow of the PC caseUniversal connectors 20 or 24 and 4 or 8 pin for all kind of motherboardsTwo independent EMI shielded PCI-Express VGA connectors120 mm fan for whispering operation
D8745213	PRODUCT FEATURES:Innovative liquid cooling integrated Extreme Hybrid EnclosureIntegrated design for easy setup of a liquid cooled system5mm sturdy aluminum panels prevent chassis vibrationHinged side panels for convenient component installation and maintenanceTool-free HDD installation baysComprehensive monitoring and display systemAutomatic/manual control of cooling performance and noise
D8745344	Marketing description is not available.
D8745345	Marketing description is not available.
D8745346	Marketing description is not available.
D8745347	Marketing description is not available.
D8745348	Marketing description is not available.
D8745349	Marketing description is not available.
D8745350	Marketing description is not available.
D8745351	Marketing description is not available.
D8745352	Marketing description is not available.
D8745353	Marketing description is not available.
D8745354	Marketing description is not available.
D8745356	Marketing description is not available.
D8745357	Marketing description is not available.
D8745358	Marketing description is not available.
D8745372	Marketing description is not available.
D8745477	Verbatim's MediaStation has LAN access to the user's multimedia files from a PC on their home network. Features include easy to use folder navigation, password protection on files and enables the user to create their own personal playlists of multimedia files. MediaStation has Digital Audio 5.1 enabling a connection to home theater devices that support Dolby Digital and DTS surround sound and is fitted with the latest technology in internal SATA HDD. It is also possible to upscale standard resolution content to high definition 1080i component output.
D8745483	Marketing description is not available.
D8745564	Gaming that shakes you to the coreWith more gaming horsepower than ever before, the GeForce 200 Series GPU's processing cores make games feel like the real thing. Its powerful NVIDIA PhysX technology creates rich, immersive physical effects with stunningly accurate realism. Experience absolute immersion and a 50% pure performance boost than prior generation GPUs with the GeForce 200 Series GPU.The power to take you beyondBeyond the field of play, GeForce 200 Series graphics cards seamlessly shifts tasks from the CPU to the GPU, allowing you to dive into the latest Blu-ray movie, surf the web in 3D, or transcode video to a personal video player up to 7x faster than traditional CPUs. Now you can work and play at full speed.
D8745565	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards.
D8747211	The Club 3D HD3450 graphics card is based on the ATI RV620 technology. The Club 3D HD3450 graphics card enables you to experience the power of HD with graphics processing designed for multimedia entertainment and office productivity. Watch Blu-ray and HD videos in full 1080p HD without placing huge demands on your CPU. Play the next generation of HD games featuring life-like realism from DirectX 10.1 compatibility and easy multi-GPU upgradeability with ATI Hybrid Graphics. Enjoy break-through efficiency from cutting-edge technology and energy-saving features that can help you save money. The passive cooling solution enables you to have a cool and quiet PC system.This product features built-in HDMI and 5.1 surround audio.
D8747273	Marketing description is not available.
D8747275	Marketing description is not available.
D8747277	Marketing description is not available.
D8747279	Marketing description is not available.
D8747281	Marketing description is not available.
D8747283	Marketing description is not available.
D8748219	Marketing description is not available.
D8748220	Marketing description is not available.
D8749748	With enhanced memory architecture that is able to handle 115GB a second, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4870 is the only graphics card available with blazing fast GDDR5 memory. Featuring nearly one billion transistors and up to 800 stream processors, the high resolutions and fast frame rates that were once the sole domain of dual-card systems are now yours.
D8749801	When it comes to beautiful performance, things can get a bit ugly. The XFX Radeon HD 4650 is a little energy saver that can play games at lower resolutions while also offering excellent HD video decoding. Add full HDMI and DisplayPort capabilities and you've got more than a casual gaming experience.
D8749802	This card is designed to maximize the latest DirectX 10.1 games - like the amazingly optimized "Hawx," with extreme HD resolutions, high-performance anisotropic filtering and 24x customer filter anti-aliasing. So what does this mean for you? The most realistic dogfights ever. Unprecedented gaming. And an unparalleled Blu-ray movie experience complete with full 1080p display resolution.Whether you're a power lover, a speed demon, or want an immersive entertainment experience, the XFX Radeon HD 4890 is positively lethal. And absolutely hits the target.
D8749804	Everybody wants to be a winner, but if you're serious about your victories, you know the winning equation: excellent equipment + outstanding skills = predictable outcomes. In other words: Winnders back their skills with the best equipment. Which means you're in the market for the XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTX 295 graphics card.
D8749806	This card is designed to maximize the latest DirectX 10.1 games - like the amazingly optimized "Hawx," with extreme HD resolutions, high-performance anisotropic filtering and 24x customer filter anti-aliasing. So what does this mean for you? The most realistic dogfights ever. Unprecedented gaming. And an unparalleled Blu-ray movie experience complete with full 1080p display resolution.Whether you're a power lover, a speed demon, or want an immersive entertainment experience, the XFX Radeon HD 4890 is positively lethal. And absolutely hits the target.
D8749807	When it comes to beautiful performance, things can get a bit ugly. The XFX Radeon HD 4650 is a little energy saver that can play games at lower resolutions while also offering excellent HD video decoding. Add full HDMI and DisplayPort capabilities and you've got more than a casual gaming experience.
D8749808	Every generation of graphics card has announced that it is "more realistic" with "more lifelike special effects". And most of the time, they were right. But none offered in-your-face realism. XFX's NVIDIA GeForce GTX 200 series of cards offer truly immersive 3D gaming that delivers a pulse-pounding adventure in cinema-quality clarity for bandwidth-hungry games.And, because you can't game every moment of the day, the GTX 200 series also provides a handy assist with your everyday tasks by shifting your regular processing tasks from the CPU to the GPU. Enjoy Blu-ray movies, 3D Internet browsing, even video transcoding delivered up to seven times faster than a traditional GPU. Over first generation unified architecture-based cards, whatever you're doing, you're doing it faster-and enjoying it more-than ever before.
D8750084	Marketing description is not available.
D8752214	Marketing description is not available.
D8752661	Now you can take a break from work and watch HDTV. The P2370HD monitor features a built-in 1080p digital HDTV tuner - which means you can play high definition games and watch Blu-ray movies. With sharp, Full HD images, you'll be amazed at the quality. It also has a beautiful ToC design and crystal clear neck with ultra-slim dimensions. Plus it's Energy Star rated so it uses 50% less energy and RoHs compliant since they cut down hazardous materials during the production process. This Samsung monitor gives you something beautiful to stare at, whether it's on or off.
D8754346	LG BH08LS20 Super Multi Blue features 16x DVD+/-R write/read speed, SATA interface system and over speed writing technology (2x BD-R can record with 8x speed). Additional features include LightScribe Disc Labeling technology.
D8756107	Marketing description is not available.
D8756110	Extremely durable SharkResist neoprene, water and dirt repellent, without notebook, also suitable for polar expeditionsHigh value inside lining, holds inside what is promised outsideZIPprotect zips, reliable protect against the notebook being scratched and unpleasant clamping of USB cablesWhether hot or cold - always coolInside material not radio activeReliable transportation possible for astronauts' foodstuffsCan also be used as a cushion in the stadium
D8756111	Extremely durable SharkResistTM neoprene, water and dirt repellent, without notebook, also suitable for Polar expeditionsHigh value inside lining, holds inside what is promised outsideZIPprotectTM zips, reliable protect against the notebook being scratched and unpleasant clamping of USB cablesWhether hot or cold - always coolInside material not radio activeReliable transportation possible for astronauts' foodstuffs
D8756112	Extremely durable SharkResistTM neoprene, water and dirt repellent, without notebook, also suitable for Polar expeditionsHigh value inside lining, holds inside what is promised outsideZIPprotectTM zips, reliable protect against the notebook being scratched and unpleasant clamping of USB cablesWhether hot or cold - always coolInside material not radio activeReliable transportation possible for astronauts' foodstuffs
D8756113	Extremely durable SharkResistTM neoprene, water and dirt repellent, without notebook, also suitable for Polar expeditionsHigh value inside lining, holds inside what is promised outsideZIPprotectTM zips, reliable protect against the notebook being scratched and unpleasant clamping of USB cablesWhether hot or cold - always coolInside material not radio activeReliable transportation possible for astronauts' foodstuffs
D8756115	Marketing description is not available.
D8756116	Marketing description is not available.
D8756122	Marketing description is not available.
D8756127	Marketing description is not available.
D8756183	Marketing description is not available.
D8756184	Marketing description is not available.
D8756185	Marketing description is not available.
D8756197	Water proof and dirt repellentInside lining - high value nylon with artwork3 attached pockets in practical sizesRoomy net bag on the insideShirt compartment with tension strapsGenerously measured main compartment with tension strapsLockable zip fastenersClip for USB sticks/keysComfortable, padded handleUnder floor reinforcement supports against damage and uneven groundPlastic supports guarantee an optimum standBall bearing, solid rubber rollers for maximum agilityOptimal in combination with DIGITUS notebook bag and DIGITUS notebook trolleyConforms to the international standards for hand luggage
D8756198	Water proof and dirt repellentInside lining - high value nylon with artwork3 attached pockets in practical sizesRoomy net bag on the insideShirt compartment with tension strapsGenerously measured main compartment with tension strapsLockable zip fastenersClip for USB sticks/keysComfortable, padded handleUnder floor reinforcement supports against damage and uneven groundPlastic supports guarantee an optimum standBall bearing, solid rubber rollers for maximum agilityOptimal in combination with DIGITUS notebook bag and DIGITUS notebook trolleyConforms to the international standards for hand luggage
D8756199	High-durable CosmoTexTwo separate big storage areasOne big padded inside pocketExtra padded compartments for laptop with safety beltSuitable for up to 15.4" notebooksWindow for business cardsSealed opening for headphone cableBroad-minded universal compartmentSecond pocket with separate DIN A4 document compartmentPadded pocket for mobile phonePen and pencil case, can hold up to three pens/pencils at the same timeDetachable clip for keys, USB sticks, and more
D8756202	Marketing description is not available.
D8756203	Marketing description is not available.
D8756205	Connection cable, serialD-Sub 9-pin jack to D-Sub 25-pin plugMolded housing8-wire cable, single shielded
D8756206	D-Sub 9-pin plug to D-Sub 9-pin jackMolded housing9-wire cable, single shielded
D8756207	DIGITUS provides the complete assortment of high-quality computer products. The company is coordinated with the special product desires of SOHO (Small Office - Home Offices) range.PRODUCT FEATURES:4 x 2 AWG 26/7, twisted pair;Boot with kink protection and strain relief;Spot length on boot.
D8756212	Marketing description is not available.
D8756213	Marketing description is not available.
D8756217	Marketing description is not available.
D8756218	Marketing description is not available.
D8756219	Marketing description is not available.
D8756222	USB A plug to USB B plugMolded housing4-wire cable, double shielded, 2 x AWG24, 2 x AWG28
D8756223	USB A plug to USB B plugMolded housing4-wire cable, double shieldedIn blister package
D8756224	USB A plug to USB B plugMolded housing4-wire cable, double shielded
D8756225	Marketing description is not available.
D8756226	USB A plug to USB A jackMolded housing4-wire cable, double shielded
D8756227	USB A plug to USB A jackMolded housing4-wire cable, double shielded
D8756229	Marketing description is not available.
D8756245	Marketing description is not available.
D8756247	Marketing description is not available.
D8756248	Marketing description is not available.
D8756249	Marketing description is not available.
D8756250	Marketing description is not available.
D8756251	1394A 4-pin plug to 1394A 6-pin plugMolded housing4-wire cable, double shielded
D8756252	Marketing description is not available.
D8756253	1394A 4-pin plug to 1394A 4-pin plugMolded housing4-wire cable, double shieldedThe maximum data transfer rate is 400 Mbps
D8756254	Marketing description is not available.
D8756256	Marketing description is not available.
D8756257	Marketing description is not available.
D8756276	Suitable for building structured cabling in the secondary and tertiary areaFor installation of cable lines of class E, 100 MHzConforming to ISO/IEC 11801, DIN EN 50173, DIN EN 50288-2-1Aluminum foil and tin-coated copper wire braidPVC outer jacket
D8756278	4 x 2 x AWG24 U-UTP CAT 5e 100 MHz installation cableSuitable for building structured cabling in the secondary and tertiary areaFor installation of cable lines of class E, 100 MHz
D8756280	Suitable for building structured cabling in the secondary and tertiary areaFor installation of cable lines of class E, 100 MHzConforming to ISO/IEC 11801, DIN EN 50173, DIN EN 50288-2-1Aluminum foil and tin-coated copper wire braidPVC outer jacket
D8756282	Marketing description is not available.
D8756283	Suitable for building structured cabling in the secondary and tertiary areaFor installation of cable lines of class E, 100 MHzConforming to ISO/IEC 11801, DIN EN 50173, DIN EN 50288-2-1Aluminum foil and tin-coated copper wire braidPVC outer jacket
D8756284	Marketing description is not available.
D8756329	Marketing description is not available.
D8756330	Marketing description is not available.
D8756331	Complies with IEEE 802.11g/b standards and is forward compatible to IEEE 802.11n Draft 2.0High-speed data rate - up to 150MbpsA hardware switch offers switching on/off of the Wireless LANSupports 64/128-bit WEP encryption and WPA-PSK, WPA2-PSK securitySuitable for all common network environmentsNAT/NAPT IP sharingAnti-Dos firewallVirtual server/DMZSupports DDNS (DynDNS, TZO)DHCP serverSystem status/security logUpgradeable firmware
D8756351	Marketing description is not available.
D8756352	Marketing description is not available.
D8756353	Marketing description is not available.
D8756354	Marketing description is not available.
D8759207	Thanks to the secure PIN entry (class 2 reader) and the EMC certification, you can assume that your data will be transmitted securely. Whether you are paying with a smart card, encrypting your files, signing documents, or just logging onto the network, with the USB keyboard SmartBoard G83-6744 you're always on the safe side.
D8759280	The HannsNote 10" laptop is ideal for those that are always on-the-go. This ultra-mobile laptop fits easily in a backpack, briefcase, or even a handbag, since its footprint is smaller than a letter-sized sheet of paper. This laptop starts up fast so you can quickly check email, news, and update your profile on social network sites when you have access to the Internet. The HannsNot is equipped with the latest technology in mobile personal computing and a battery that will last up to 5 hours on a single-full charge. The ultra-compact design, performance, and quality features of the HannsNote make it an easy choice for business, home, or school use.
D8760205	Imagine vibrant, professional color within reach. The network ready wireless CLP-315W can fit comfortably on a corner of your home office desk or bookcase. The stylish printer features a rich, piano-black control panel, and delivers dynamite color at 4ppm and sharp laser text at 17ppm. You'll also get NO NOIS print engine technology for quiet operation, along with easy-to-change toner cartridges. It features big color and small footprint. With the Samsung CLP-315W color laser printer, it's not hard to imagine.
D8760206	Marketing description is not available.
D8760211	Double-data-rate architecture; two data transfers per clock cycleDLL aligns DQ and DQS transition with CK transitionProgrammable burst type (sequential and interleave)Edge aligned data output, center aligned data inputSerial presence detect with EEPROMSSTL 2 interfaceAll of products are Lead-Free, Halogen-Free, and RoHS compliant
D8760213	Marketing description is not available.
D8760640	Marketing description is not available.
D8760643	Marketing description is not available.
D8761094	Do more of the things you want to in less time and enhance your digital life with the multi-core performance and energy efficiency of AMD Athlon II processor-based desktop systems. Combined with superior ATI Radeon HD graphics technology, systems based on the AMD Athlon II processor deliver a vivid visual experience, superior multi-tasking, and exceptional digital media performance with next-generation energy efficiency.
D8761208	Replacing your hard disk drive with a Corsair SSD will revolutionize your computing experience. Games load quicker, your computer starts faster, and multiple applications run smoother, all while running cool and silent.
D8768180	Marketing description is not available.
D8768181	Marketing description is not available.
D8768182	Support Dual Channel DDR2 800/667/533, 4 x DIMM slots1 x PCI Express x16 slot4 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectorsSupports 2 x IEEE1394 ports (one port on back panel, one header on board)PCIE x1 Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports ASRock instant boot, instant flash, OC tuner, smart BIOS, intelligent energy saver
D8768183	Marketing description is not available.
D8768184	This motherboard brings ASRock Instant Boot, which is able to boot up system in an amazing speed, it only takes 3 to 4 seconds to boot up to Windows which is 10 times faster than traditional boot up to Windows. ASRock Instant Boot can also guarantee a clean Windows OS, and consume less power!
D8768185	Support for Socket AM2+ / AM2 processorsSupport for AM3 processorsSolid capacitor for CPU powerNVIDIA nForce 720D chipsetAMD LIVE! ReadySupports AMD's Cool 'n' Quiet technologySupports Untied Overclocking technologySupports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologyDual Channel DDR2 memory technology4 x DDR2 DIMM slotsSupports "Plug and Play"Supports jumperfreeSupports Smart BIOS
D8768191	This motherboard brings ASRock instant boot, which is able to boot up system in an amazing speed, it only takes 3 to 4 seconds to boot up to Windows which is 10 times faster than traditional boot up to Windows.
D8768547	Premium hard synthetic materialSupport both 2.5" and 3.5" SATA HDDUSB 2.0 host interface up to 480 MbpseSATA host interface up to 3 GbpsLED for power and HDD accessHot Plug and Play and hot swap
D8770137	SH-S223L 22x half-height SATA DVD writer with LightScribe includes powerful overspeed support, low noise and vibration control for high speed, and optimized algorithm for fastest speed.
D8772696	PRODUCT FEATURES:Incredibly fast 22x DVD±R write speedSecurDisc supportP-ATA interfaceLightScribe support
D8774448	The Obsidian series 800D is built to last through years of motherboard, power, memory, cooling, and component upgrades.The steel structure has a matte coating both inside out and is finished with a brushed aluminum faceplate for a professional look that's both serious and awe-inspiring. A windowed side panel makes it easy to show off your work.
D8774509	MSI AM3 mainboard fully supports AMD 45nm Phenom II processor and DDR3 memory. Not only that, Gaming series mainboard even comes with OC Dial and MAX FSB advanced overclocking technologies, as well as M-Flash BIOS update mechanism protection. OC Dial and MAX FSB overclocking enable users to overclock easily and become an expert in a short period of time; M-Flash enables user to load the BIOS files from USB drive to boot up. In addition, this mainboard features full support for multimedia applications, Blu-ray high-definition hardware audio, and complete display output interface to provide full HD and high-performance 3D display capabilities. This mainboard is simply one of the best solutions for gamers and multimedia users.
D8774532	The Sapphire HD 4890 Vapor-X model is a Sapphire original design. It has Sapphire's Vapor-X cooling module on the GPU together with a heatsink and profiled fan venting heat out of the case. It is quieter with core clock speed of 850MHz and 1GB of DDR5 memory clocked at 975MHz. Any two of the four output options can be used simultaneously, giving maximum flexibility for connection to different display types.
D8774785	PRODUCT FEATURES:Half-height 48X CD-ROM and 16X DVD-ROM read speedABS mechanism to reduce vibration & noise while high speed rotatingBelt tray loading mechanismEasy-tray design for both horizontal and vertical operation
D8776729	Wander around the house, and take your music with you. Run it on battery power or plug it in. Either way, the inMotion Max churns out lush sound from your iPhone or iPod, or from the unit's built-in FM radio. Twin, full-spectrum speakers give you the accurate sound reproduction and warm acoustics you crave. XDB technology supplies the deep bass without a subwoofer. And ESS sound-widening technology expands the sound to fit any room. What's more, when somebody calls your iPhone, the music pauses so you can take the call.
D8777376	Marketing description is not available.
D8782625	The 22" widescreen LCD continues to provide excellent value for money for the home and office user, with high specification and the "OptiColor" mode. This innovative feature automatically adjusts contrast, brightness and RGB color balance to its optimum conditions to whichever mode you chose whether game, text, scenic or cinema - and also enabling you to switch through these modes with ease and speed. ProLite E2207WS has a 1000:1 advanced contrast ratio which can be disabled for greater color accuracy and a 2ms response time ensuring the best possible video and animation playback with minimal blurring.
D8785628	ATI Radeon HD 4890 graphicsFull Microsoft DirectX 10.1 supportHDCP compliantATI CrossFireX technologyDual-link DVI supportATI PowerPlay technology
D8785652	MSI AM3 mainboard fully supports AMD latest 45nm Phenom II processor and DDR3 memory. Not only that, Gaming series mainboard even comes with OC Dial and MAX FSB advanced overclocking technologies, as well as M-Flash BIOS update mechanism protection. OC Dial and MAX FSB overclocking enable users to overclock easily and become an expert in a short period of time; M-Flash enables user to load the BIOS files from USB drive to boot up. In addition, this mainboard features full support for multimedia applications, Blu-ray high-definition hardware audio, and complete display output interface to provide full HD and high-performance 3D display capabilities. This mainboard is simply one of the best solutions for gamers and multimedia users.
D8786592	With the power of two GeForce GTX 200 GPUs on a single card, the GeForce GTX 295 graphics card delivers unrivaled graphics performance in the hottest gaming including Far Cry 2, Mirrors Edge, and Call of Duty: World at War. GTX 295 with CUDA technology, GTX 295 not only provides a world-class gaming experience. It also delivers Graphics Plus. Experience low-dropping PhysX gaming effects. Stereoscopic 3D, and lighting fast video and image processing all accelerated by the GPU.
D8788075	Native HDMI supportLess power consumption - 40% energy savingASUS exclusive glaciator fansinkUltimate armament delivers top quality VGAPCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportASUS SplendidASUS Gamer OSDASUS Smart DoctorFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportHDCP compliantDual-link DVI supportNVIDIA PhysX readyNVIDIA CUDA technologyNVIDIA SLI technologyNVIDIA PureVideo HD technology
D8788387	Barely audible PC with passive system is designed for long-term heat removal, lower Power consumption PC less than 150W, fashionable style design, and perfect USFF system.
D8789404	With the 16:10 golden ratio for widescreens, the VW193D-B LCD monitors can accommodate multiple Windows on screen to increase productivity.
D8789656	When developing the generation of Listan's housing-fan series SilentWings USC, two things were of particular importance to Listan: that they should run extremely quietly and at the same time achieve optimum airflow - an extremely tricky challenge.And with the Ultra Silent Concept (USC), Listan has mastered this challenge. The USC comprises, amongst other things, two innovations from be quiet! protected by German utility patent. In addition, the housing fan has a remarkable lifespan of almost 300,000 hours.But, of course, the SilentWings USC exhibit other features, too. That's why the 120-mm SilentWingsUSC came out on top in a comparative test by PCGH, and as a result was awarded top product - another result of Listan's work into which Listan's knowledge and, more importantly, Listan's entire passion goes.
D8789657	When developing the generation of Listan's housing-fan series SilentWings USC, two things were of particular importance to Listan: that they should run extremely quietly and at the same time achieve optimum airflow - an extremely tricky challenge.And with the Ultra Silent Concept (USC), Listan has mastered this challenge. The USC comprises, amongst other things, two innovations from be quiet! protected by German utility patent. In addition, the housing fan has a remarkable lifespan of almost 300,000 hours.But, of course, the SilentWings USC exhibit other features, too. That's why the 120-mm SilentWingsUSC came out on top in a comparative test by PCGH, and as a result was awarded top product - another result of Listan's work into which Listan's knowledge and, more importantly, Listan's entire passion goes.
D8789658	When developing the generation of Listan's housing-fan series SilentWings USC, two things were of particular importance to Listan: that they should run extremely quietly and at the same time achieve optimum airflow - an extremely tricky challenge.And with the Ultra Silent Concept (USC), Listan has mastered this challenge. The USC comprises, amongst other things, two innovations from be quiet! protected by German utility patent. In addition, the housing fan has a remarkable lifespan of almost 300,000 hours.But, of course, the SilentWings USC exhibit other features, too. That's why the 120-mm SilentWingsUSC came out on top in a comparative test by PCGH, and as a result was awarded top product - another result of Listan's work into which Listan's knowledge and, more importantly, Listan's entire passion goes.
D8790430	Native HDMI on board supports Full HD 1080pDust-proof fansink designUltimate armamentsASUS SplendidASUS Gamer OSDASUS Smart DoctorFull Microsoft DirectX 10.1 supportHDCP compliantATI CrossFireX technologyDual-link DVI supportATI PowerPlay technology
D8790979	Marketing description is not available.
D8791660	Introducing the first gaming mouse from the award winning NZXT design team, as with all of NZXT's PC accessories, Avatar is designed to provide gamers with the ultimate crafted gaming armor to emerge victorious in the gaming arena of choice. Featuring a ambidextrous and smaller form, the Avatar mouse is versatile and ideal for gamers. A hardware implemented DPI switching allows compatibility with any game, and the Avatar interface allows for all types of customization including macros and 9 customizable buttons. Extruded Teflon mouse feet also allows for better accuracy and smoothness during gameplay.
D8792326	The Dominator family of memory represents the ultimate in performance technology engineering from Corsair. The Dominator is designed to have the highest performing IC maximum over-clocking capability and efficient DHX cooling - all the while being stable and reliable.Very few components make it into the Dominator family. Corsair performs rigorous testing and screening on all components to select only the best for the Dominator modules. The tests check for high frequency and/or low latency capabilities for each IC. Then, they are thoroughly tested for maximum interoperability and reliability as a united group to meet the stringent design criteria demanded by performance computing and gaming users.
D8792345	Saving power under variable loadingPower usage more efficiencyHelp end-users upgrade CPU FSB directlyBuy an essential CPU but want to reach higher performanceSkip the complicated BIOS OC setting and enjoy the higher level CPU performanceKey components status hardware monitorMonitor the CPU statusOptimize system status defineAuto speed up with system loading change
D8792379	Featuring a full TeraFLOP of compute power, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4850 is true power player. The single slot design enables easy three- and four-way CrossFire assembly. Play the most intense games with a graphics card that knows how to conserve energy while delivering optimum performance.
D8792398	AMD Sempron processors for desktop and mobile products offer best in class performance, compatibility with all the applications you need, and the reliability of AMD processors.
D8793292	Marketing description is not available.
D8793293	Want to push some limits? The M62D Monitor TV from LG grants you just the freedom you need. From its superior DTV tuner to its elegant design you control your world of Full HD entertainment through one monitor. And with its host of unique interfaces and optimized plug and play functions your ultimate level of enjoyment is complete. The perfect solution for those who want it all in one place.
D8793294	Beside its basic function as a PC monitor, you can watch HDTV and DVD, play games, and play video clips on the monitor M2762D.
D8793947	The Intel Pentium processor with Intel dual-core technology delivers great desktop and mobile performance, low power enhancements, and multitasking for everyday computing.
D8793948	The Intel Celeron processor is designed to bring a balanced level of proven technology and value to basic PC desktops. With the Celeron processor you can expect an affordable and reliable PC for your home or home office to meet your basic computing needs, such as e-mailing friends and relatives, tracking home finances, and running interactive or educational software for your kids. It provides great balance between computing power and affordability. The entire family of Celeron processors delivers Intel technology, quality, and reliability to the desktop, value PC consumer.
D8793949	The Intel Celeron processor is designed to bring a balanced level of proven technology and value to basic PC desktops. With the Celeron processor you can expect an affordable and reliable PC for your home or home office to meet your basic computing needs, such as e-mailing friends and relatives, tracking home finances, and running interactive or educational software for your kids. It provides great balance between computing power and affordability. The entire family of Celeron processors delivers Intel technology, quality, and reliability to the desktop, value PC consumer.
D8796142	Rediscover the art of listening. Plug in your Logitech Squeezebox network music player, DVD player, gaming console, or iPod, and bring music, movies, and games to life with the Logitech Speaker System Z523.
D8796143	Rediscover the art of listening. Plug in your Logitech Squeezebox network music player, DVD player, gaming console, or iPod, and bring music, movies, and games to life with the Logitech Speaker System Z523.
D8796144	Your room isn't just a room. It's your office, your dance floor, your movie theater, your arcade. And because you don't just listen to music sitting at your desk, your Logitech Speaker System Z320 sends clear, vibrant sound evenly anywhere in the room. It is perfect for music, movies, and games.
D8796145	You'll hear it all. Whether hosting a party, watching a movie, or playing a game. You'll have a stand-alone system loud enough for a crowd.
D8796351	Marketing description is not available.
D8796518	This motherboard supports the PCIe 2.0 devices for double speed and bandwidth which enhances system performance. It features the ASUS O.C. Profile that allows users to conveniently store or load multiple BIOS settings. The BIOS settings can be stored in the CMOS or a separate file, giving users freedom to share and distribute their favorite overclocking settings.
D8796519	HDMI interfaceEPU-LASUS Q-FanTurbo KeyMyLogo 2ASUS CrashFree BIOS 3EZ Flash 2High Definition (HD) audioGigbit LANGreenASUS
D8796520	The P5G41-M is an excellent choice for customers (such as corporate accounts) who want a low total cost of ownership. An integrated Energy Processing Unit (EPU) intelligently regulates power usage, and ASUS anti-surge protection and high quality components provide exceptional reliability and extra-long lifespan. ASUS Turbo Key even delivers a performance boost with the touch of a button.
D8796805	Marketing description is not available.
D8796806	The world's only VBIOS burning and recoveringThe world's only memory timing adjustmentExclusive 5 level LED H/W indicatorSuper Hybrid engine boost 14% performanceExtreme cooler increase 12% cooling efficiencyPCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportMicrosoft DirectX 10 and Shader Model 4.0 supportGraphics Plus PhysX technology
D8796985	MSI notebook has set out to make another monumental landmark in the industry with pure passion and the determination for fashion and quality, making its way toward the very finest in notebook computer designs with the X-slim series.The X340 series has ingeniously applied fashionable curves in its design which successfully abandoned the cold and lifeless vibe of the traditional notebook computers. The material is gentler to the touch compared the metal, and the paint finish is glazed and UV processed, added with the perfect ratio as a total package, creating the most simplistic yet modern styling, fitting for the most contemporary trend anywhere.With all these unique features, it proves that the X340 series is not only a fashionable and appealing notebook computer; it also set very high marks for the entire industry.These great reasons are why the X340 series should be highly recommended to all of the contemporary metropolitans anywhere.
D8796986	MSI notebook has set out to make another monumental landmark in the industry with pure passion and the determination for fashion and quality, making its way toward the very finest in notebook computer designs with the X-slim series.The X340 series has ingeniously applied fashionable curves in its design which successfully abandoned the cold and lifeless vibe of the traditional notebook computers. The material is gentler to the touch compared the metal, and the paint finish is glazed and UV processed, added with the perfect ratio as a total package, creating the most simplistic yet modern styling, fitting for the most contemporary trend anywhere.With all these unique features, it proves that the X340 series is not only a fashionable and appealing notebook computer; it also set very high marks for the entire industry.These great reasons are why the X340 series should be highly recommended to all of the contemporary metropolitans anywhere.
D8796987	The U100 has selected a wide LCD display as oppose to the typical smaller sizes to provide better comfort while viewing or reading. In addition, the 1024 x 600 resolution can relief concerns of the full display of WebPages while browsing, giving you the freedom when exploring the Internet.The U100 is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.MSI has the same persistence for proper ergonomically design even on the keyboards of smaller notebook computers. The keyboard of the U100 not only has great texture, it also increased the space between the keys to 17.5mm, allowing you to be as comfortable as you can. Plus, ingeniously designed spacebar and touchpad, so your fingers can move smoothly while avoiding strain.
D8797031	The ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPU brings the power of graphics supercomputing to gamers, setting an advanced standard for visual computing. Redefine the way you play and take HD gaming to the extreme with best-in-class performance. The TeraScale graphics engine delivers an immersive, cinematic gaming experience. Add this GPU to your PC and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.The ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPU delivers a cinematic gaming experience with unprecedented performance. The powerful TeraScale graphics will propel you deep into your game play with seamless frame rates and high resolutions. Enhanced Anti-Aliasing (AA) and anisotropic filtering create striking graphics with unparalleled realism so you can max out the settings of the most demanding next-generation games or revitalize your favorite titles. Play today while preparing for tomorrow with tessellation, support for DirectX 10.1 and scalable ATI CrossFireX technology.Like its predecessors, the ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPUs offer optimal performance and break-through efficiency with platform-independent intelligent power management. ATI PowerPlay delivers the power needed to blaze through even the most intense games while intuitively conserving energy at idle or when demand is low.
D8797032	The ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPU brings the power of graphics supercomputing to gamers, setting an advanced standard for visual computing. Redefine the way you play and take HD gaming to the extreme with best-in-class performance. The TeraScale graphics engine delivers an immersive, cinematic gaming experience. Add this GPU to your PC and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.The ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPU delivers a cinematic gaming experience with unprecedented performance. The powerful TeraScale graphics will propel you deep into your game play with seamless frame rates and high resolutions. Enhanced Anti-Aliasing (AA) and anisotropic filtering create striking graphics with unparalleled realism so you can max out the settings of the most demanding next-generation games or revitalize your favorite titles. Play today while preparing for tomorrow with tessellation, support for DirectX 10.1 and scalable ATI CrossFireX technology.Like its predecessors, the ATI Radeon HD 4870 series GPUs offer optimal performance and break-through efficiency with platform-independent intelligent power management. ATI PowerPlay delivers the power needed to blaze through even the most intense games while intuitively conserving energy at idle or when demand is low.
D8797334	Belkin's Messenger Bag brings you the comfort of a lightweight case with the features and capacity of a much larger model. This case provides a plush notebook compartment for secure mobility. Made-for-you organization inside holds everything in its place, including MP3 players, cell phones, business cards, pens, and other accessories. A separate pouch stows your power adapter and cables. The unique thin-design strap contours nicely to your shoulder for optimal comfort with minimal bulk and weight.
D8797342	Store your laptop safely and securely with the clamshell business carry case. Made of resistant nylon it is a convenient solution which features an easy to access front pocket to store your documents and accessories, a comfortable shoulder strap and a trolley strap on the back.
D8797343	Store your laptop safely and securely with the clamshell business carry case. Made of resistant nylon it is a convenient solution which features an easy to access front pocket to store your documents and accessories, a comfortable shoulder strap and a trolley strap on the back.
D8798241	The Sapphire HD 4890 Vapor-X model is a Sapphire original design. It has Sapphire's Vapor-X cooling module on the GPU together with a heatsink and profiled fan venting heat out of the case. It is quieter with core clock speed of 850MHz and 1GB of DDR5 memory clocked at 975MHz. Any two of the four output options can be used simultaneously, giving maximum flexibility for connection to different display types.
D8802791	Enjoy Videochat with all your friends with this webcam. The universal clip-on system makes it suitable for your notebook, flat panel screen or regular CRT screen. This webcam produces a high-quality image up to 1300K and has a turning head to point it in any direction you want! Clip on the easy one-ear headset and start chatting!
D8803966	With the subtle, ergonomically designed shape of Logitech Wireless Keyboard K350 your hands know precisely where to go. Your fingers naturally tuck into the Wave sculpted keys. The contoured palm rest keeps your hands cradled in comfort. And you won't have to relearn typing on an unfamiliar layout.
D8803967	When you don't have the room on your desk - or in your life - for big, clumsy electronics or for stuff that doesn't work right, Logitech wireless keyboard K340 has a smart, space-saving design and works the way you need it to.
D8804144	The MC220L is a media converter designed to convert 1000Base-SX/LX/LH fiber to 1000Base-T copper media or vice versa. Designed under IEEE802.3ab 1000Base-T and IEEE802.3z 1000Base-SX/LX/LH standards, the MC220L is designed for use with multi-mode/single-mode fiber cable utilizing the SC/LC-Type connector. It works at 850nm on both transmitting and receiving data when adopting multi-mode fiber and 1310nm on both transmitting and receiving data when adopting single-mode.Other features of this module include the ability to be used as a standalone device (no chassis required) or with TP-Link's 19"system chassis, Auto MDI/MDI-X for TX port, and front panel status LEDs. The MC220L will transmit at extended fiber optic distances utilizing multi-mode fiber up to 0.55 kilometers and 10 kilometers when utilizing single-mode fiber.
D8804233	Power Saving Green Edition GeForce GTS 250 Green provides lower power consumption. Armed with NVIDIA PhysX and NVIDIA CUDA technology, the GeForce GTS 250 is ready to enable a total new class of physical gaming interaction! It provides ultimate gaming and home entertaining experience whether it's ripping through DirectX 10 games at blazing fast frame rates, experiencing a new world of realistic physical motion and massively destructible environment, transcoding HD video to you portable video player.
D8804234	Power Saving Green Edition GeForce GTS 250 Green provides lower power consumption. Armed with NVIDIA PhysX and NVIDIA CUDA technology, the GeForce GTS 250 is ready to enable a total new class of physical gaming interaction! It provides ultimate gaming and home entertaining experience whether it's ripping through DirectX 10 games at blazing fast frame rates, experiencing a new world of realistic physical motion and massively destructible environment, transcoding HD video to you portable video player.
D8804235	Turn your PC into an immersive, valued packed entertainment system with GeForce 9600GT Super+1GB. The 1024MB king-size memory allows users to escape from memory capacity bottlenecks. It supports for DirectX 10 graphics shader model 4.0 and NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology along with NVIDIA SLI technology not only allow users to enjoy a unsurpassed Blu-ray and HD DVD picture quality, but also enables a ultimate gaming experience.
D8804414	Marketing description is not available.
D8804617	LGA 775 for Intel Core 2 Extreme / Core 2 Quad / Core 2 Duo / Pentium Dual Core / Celeron Dual Core / Celeron, supporting Penryn Quad Core Yorkfield and Dual Core Wolfdale processorsIntel P43 + ICH10 chipsetsSupports FSB1600/1333/1066/800 MHzSupports Dual Channel DDR2 1200/1066/800/667, 2 x DIMM slots, Max. capacity up to 8GB1 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slot6 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functionsPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports ASRock Instant Boot, Instant FlashSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy Saver7.1 CH Windows Vista Premium Level HD Audio (VIA VT1708S Audio Codec with QSound)
D8804618	Supports dual channel DDR22 x DIMM slotsIntel Graphics Media Accelerator 950DirectX 9.01 x PCI Express x16 slotPCIE x1 Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mbps4 x SATAII 3.0 Gbps connectorsSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock Instant Boot, Instant Flash, Hybrid Booster
D8804619	Advanced V8 power phase designSupports Intel Extreme Memory Profile (XMP)3 x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slotsSupports ATI CrossFireX, 3-way CrossFireX and Quad CrossFireXSupports NVIDIA SLI and Quad SLIPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/s6 x SATAII 3.0 Gb/s connectors, support RAID, NCQ, AHCI and hot plug functions1 x powered eSATA II/USB connectorSupports 2 x IEEE1394 portsEuP readySmart switchDr. debugSupports ASRock Instant Boot, Instant FlashSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy Saver
D8804906	Marketing description is not available.
D8805878	Marketing description is not available.
D8805998	Serial ATA 3.0Gbps interface supportImproved recording stability over temperature with PMRAdvanced dynamic FOD control for best data integrityIntelligent compensation of external disturbanceSATA native command queuing featureDevice initiated SATA power managementRotational vibration sensorEnvironment friendly product with RoHS complianceImproved performance with dual-ARM based firmwareATA S.M.A.R.T. compliantATA automatic acoustic management featureATA 48-bit address featureATA device configuration overlay featureNoiseGuardSilentSeek
D8806000	The Spinpoint F3 operates at 7200RPM with up to 1 Terabyte (TB) data storage capacity by using two 500 Gigabyte (GB) per platter disks. As well as meeting data center requirements for addition storage to meet rising demand and increasing performance needs, the drives also deliver high-performance with lower power for desktop computers and servers.The Spinpoint F3 utilizes advanced 500GB per platter technology, so that two-platter 1TB capacity is achieved. Increased areal density per platter provides up to a 30 percent higher performance than a three-platter 1TB in the same 3.5" form factor. A reduction in mechanical parts also contributes to enhanced reliability in terms of anti-shock and data failure. Samsung's hard drive utilizes its low noise operation technology SilentSeek and NoiseGuard to achieve a quiet operation system. In addition, the Spinpoint F3 is compliant with the restriction of hazardous substances directive.
D8807117	The Belkin Headphone Adapter for iPod Shuffle is the fastest and easiest way to add the remote and navigation controls your iPod requires.
D8807875	This card supports Microsoft DirectX 10. It's world's first DirectX 10 GPU with full Shader Model 4.0 support delivers unparalleled levels of graphics realism and film-quality effects.It is HDMI ready. High Definition Multimedia Interface (HDMI) is an interface standard for consumer electronics devices that combines HDCP-protected digital video and audio into a single, consumer-friendly connector.
D8808299	Marketing description is not available.
D8816665	The GA-G41M-ES2H based on the Intel G41 chipset supports the latest Intel 45nm CPUs, creating a powerful multi-media platform which allows users to do more at once. At the heart of the Intel G41 Express chipset is the Intel X4500 graphics media accelerator, which support DX10 and features several unique innovations including more Execution Units for enhanced 3D performance and Intel Clear Video technology for sharper images and precise color control.
D8816666	Based on AMD 785G chipset, GA-MA785GM-US2H is integrated ATI Radeon HD 4200 (DX10.1) graphics engine and supports AMD Phenom quad-core processors, DDR2 memory modules, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links, PCI Express 2.0 graphics interface and so on. With the innovative Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver technology, GA-MA785GM-US2H is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8816668	The GA-MA790GPT-UD3H introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology on AMD platform with featuring 2 oz copper PCB and further helps to reduce the system temperature and dramatically enhance the performance. Based on AMD 790GX chipset, the GA-MA790GPT-UD3H supports the latest 45nm AMD AM3 Phenom II/Athlon II processors, integrated DDR3 memory controller, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links and dual PCI Express 2.0 graphics interfaces for ATI CrossFireX/ATI Hybrid CrossFireX support. With the innovative GIGABYTE Easy Energy Saver technology, the MA790GPT-UD3H is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8816730	Loaded with the features, the ATI Radeon HD 4600 Series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units, support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity or take your experience to another level with multimedia capabilities. Do it all with break-through energy efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8817896	AMD Phenom II is for high definition entertainment, gaming, creativity, and beyond. With AMD Phenom II processors as the foundation, you'll enjoy a new level of responsiveness and visual intensity. AMD puts high definition computing within everyone's reach.Enjoy a superior high definition experience for HD videos on you PC. AMD Phenom II processor is the powerful engine behind your fidelity, high definition video entertainment experience. Only AMD puts the Ultimate Visual Experience for HD video within your reach.AMD Phenom II processors have the power to do it all. Featuring next-generation quad-core design, they crush even the most demanding tasks. So design it, render it, play it, create it, stream it, HD it. With AMD Phenom II processors, if you can imagine it, you can do it.
D8822952	PRODUCT FEATURES:NVIDIA unified architectureGigaThread technologyFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA SLI technologyNVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA)PCI Express 2.0 supportNVIDIA quantum effects technologyOpenGL 2.1 optimizations and supportPureVideo HD technology
D8822953	Fully unified shader core dynamically allocates processing power to geometry, vertex, physics, or pixel shading operations, delivering up to 2x the gaming performance of prior generation GPUs.GeForce GPU support for NVIDIA PhysX technology, enabling a class of physical gaming interaction for a more dynamic and realistic experience with GeForce.CUDA technology unlocks the power of the GPU's processor cores to accelerate the most demanding system tasks - such as video transcoding - delivering up to 7x of performance over traditional CPUs.Massively multithreaded architecture supports thousands of independent, simultaneous threads, providing extreme processing efficiency in advanced, next generation shader programs.
D8822954	Fully unified shader core dynamically allocates processing power to geometry, vertex, physics, or pixel shading operations, delivering up to 2x the gaming performance of prior generation GPUs.GeForce GPU support for NVIDIA PhysX technology, enabling a class of physical gaming interaction for a more dynamic and realistic experience with GeForce.CUDA technology unlocks the power of the GPU's processor cores to accelerate the most demanding system tasks - such as video transcoding - delivering up to 7x of performance over traditional CPUs.Massively multithreaded architecture supports thousands of independent, simultaneous threads, providing extreme processing efficiency in advanced, next generation shader programs.
D8822955	Second generation NVIDIA unified architecture:NVIDIA PhysX-Ready:GigaThread technology:Full Microsoft DirectX 10 supportNVIDIA CUDA technology:3-way NVIDIA SLI technologyNVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA)PCI Express 2.0 supportNVIDIA Lumenex EngineOpenGL 3.0 optimizations and supportPureVideo HD technologyDual-link HDCP capable
D8823055	You can take performance over the top with AMD Phenom II processors. Second generation AMD Phenom II processors feature a refined architecture, the award-winning innovation of AMD64 technology with direct connect architecture, and 45nm technology for maximum performance headroom.You can get the tune performance with the superior headroom of AMD Phenom II processors. Combined with ATI Radeon HD graphics cards, they deliver extreme visual performance and the ability to control and monitor system functions.Build a total system tuned for performance, beginning with an all-AMD solution including AMD Phenom II processors, AMD chipsets, and ATI Radeon HD graphics with CrossFireX technology for multi-GPU support. Experience the power of gaming beyond high definition.
D8823521	LG BH08LS20 Super Multi Blue features 16x DVD+/-R write/read speed, SATA interface system and over speed writing technology (2x BD-R can record with 8x speed). Additional features include LightScribe Disc Labeling technology.
D8823530	LG GH22 super-multi DVD burner supports recording of a full DVD in just several minutes, using the 22x recording speed. GH22 super multi drive with security function offers password encryption, adds a digital signature to all data to allow recipients to verify data authenticity, detect altered data through checksums to verify data integrity and also increase data reliability through redundantly stored data.
D8823531	LG GH22 super-multi DVD burner supports recording of a full DVD in just several minutes, using the 22x recording speed. GH22 super multi drive with security function offers password encryption, adds a digital signature to all data to allow recipients to verify data authenticity, detect altered data through checksums to verify data integrity and also increase data reliability through redundantly stored data.
D8823748	ASUS EAH4770 FORMULA/DI/512MD5 features ATI PowerPlay technology, delivering high performance when needed and conserving power when the demand on the graphics processor is low. ASUS Splendid enables users to watching movies on PC is as good as on top-of-the-line consumer television. ASUS Gamer OSD features Real-time overclocking, benchmarking and video capturing in any PC game! ASUS Smart Doctor is your intelligent hardware protection and overclocking tool.
D8823758	This motherboard supports the latest Intel 45nm CPU which introduces micro-architecture features for greater performance at a given frequency, up to 50% larger L2 caches, and expanded power management capabilities for the levels of energy efficiency.This motherboard supports the latest Intel Core 2 processors in LGA775 package. It also can support Intel next generation 45nm Multi-Core CPU. With Intel Core micro architecture technology and 1333 / 1066 / 800 MHz FSB, Intel Core 2 processor is one of the most powerful and energy efficient CPU in the world.Enjoy high-end sound system on your PC! The onboard 8-channel HD audio CODEC enables high-quality 192KHz/24-bit audio output, jack-sensing feature, retasking functions and multi-streaming technology that simultaneously sends different audio streams to different destinations. You can now talk to your partners on the headphone while playing a multi-channel network games. All of these are done on one computer.
D8827845	Verbatim's MediaStation has LAN access to the user's multimedia files from a PC on their home network. Features include easy to use folder navigation, password protection on files and enables the user to create their own personal playlists of multimedia files. MediaStation has Digital Audio 5.1 enabling a connection to home theater devices that support Dolby Digital and DTS surround sound and is fitted with the latest technology in internal SATA HDD. It is also possible to upscale standard resolution content to high definition 1080i component output.
D8827959	Compliant with USB specification rev. 2.0Supports USB high-speed (480Mbps), full-speed (12Mbps), and low-speed(1.5Mbps) data transfer modesCompliant with IEEE 1394-1995, 1394a-2000 and OHCI 1.1 standardsSupports FireWire bus data transfer rates of 100, 200 and 400MbpsHot-swapping feature allows you to connect/disconnect devices without first turning system off
D8827990	Marketing description is not available.
D8828529	Marketing description is not available.
D8829651	Marketing description is not available.
D8829652	Marketing description is not available.
D8831072	The ProLite E2407HDS is the latest HDCP compliant product from Iiyama to now feature 'the true' 16:9 high definition 1920 x 1080 native resolution. Complimented with a blistering 2msec response rate and 10,000:1 advance contrast ratio the E2407HDS really is, in a class of its own. Its triple input configuration of traditional analog, DVI and the latest HDMI guarantees compatibility to all modern PCs, Games Consoles, etc. Finished in a stylish Piano Black design, the E2407HDS is sure to stand out amongst the crowd!
D8831397	Leaders of the pack seeking monster performance, look no further. With four execution cores, the Intel Core 2 Quad processor blows through processor-intensive tasks in demanding multitasking environments and makes the most of highly threaded applications. Whether you're creating multimedia, annihilating your gaming enemies, or running compute-intensive applications at one time, new quad-core processing will change the way you do everything. Pioneer the new world of quad-core and unleash the power of multithreading.
D8831464	Marketing description is not available.
D8831465	Marketing description is not available.
D8831466	Marketing description is not available.
D8831467	Marketing description is not available.
D8831468	Marketing description is not available.
D8831469	Marketing description is not available.
D8831470	Marketing description is not available.
D8831471	Marketing description is not available.
D8831472	Marketing description is not available.
D8831473	Marketing description is not available.
D8831474	Marketing description is not available.
D8831475	Marketing description is not available.
D8831476	Marketing description is not available.
D8831477	Marketing description is not available.
D8831478	Marketing description is not available.
D8831479	Marketing description is not available.
D8831480	Marketing description is not available.
D8831481	Marketing description is not available.
D8831482	Marketing description is not available.
D8832003	Advanced 2400 dpi gamer mouse with powerful optical engine for accurate surface tracking at high speed movementComfortable and ergonomic shape with rubber coated edges for a firm grip during long lasting gaming sessionsDPI switch with LED indicator for in-game adjustable sensitivity to 800, 1600 and 2400 dpiAdvanced design with big smooth-gliding feet
D8832335	Leading quality standard of Ultra Durable 3 technology with 2oz copper PCB designInnovative Smart 6 technology for smarter PC managementSupport Intel Core i7/Core i5 processors with LGA 1156 socketDynamic Energy Saver 2 technology enables best energy efficiencySupport both ATI CrossFireX and NVIDIA SLI for ultimate graphics performanceSmart TPM provides 2048 bits key via Bluetooth cellphoneSmart DualLAN with intelligent LAN port auto-switchingXHD technology accelerating hard drive performance with easeAutoGreen technology Greening your PC via Bluetooth cellphoneIntegrated eSATA/USB combo connectors for enhanced storage flexibilityPatented Gigabyte DualBIOS technology delivering highest level failure protectionSupports Dolby Home Theater audio to create a stunning surround sound listening experienceOnboard debug LED simplifies motherboard troubleshootingThe precision OV provides more precision voltage control for system
D8832336	Leading quality standard of Ultra Durable 3 technology with 2oz copper PCB designInnovative Smart 6 technology for smarter PC managementSupport Intel Core i7/Core i5 processors with LGA 1156 socketDynamic Energy Saver 2 technology enables best energy efficiencySupport both ATI CrossFireX and NVIDIA SLI for ultimate graphics performanceSmart TPM provides 2048 bits key via Bluetooth cellphoneSmart DualLAN with Intelligent LAN port auto-switchingXHD technology accelerating hard drive performance with easeAutoGreen technology Greening your PC via Bluetooth cellphoneIntegrated eSATA/USB combo connectors for enhanced storage flexibilityPatented Gigabyte DualBIOS technology delivering highest level failure protectionSupports Dolby Home Theater audio to create a stunning surround sound listening experienceThe precision OV provides more precision voltage control for system
D8832337	Leading quality standard of Ultra Durable 3 technology with 2oz copper PCB designInnovative Smart 6 technology for Smarter PC managementSupport Intel Core i7/Core i5 processors with LGA 1156 socketDynamic Energy Saver 2 technology enables best energy efficiencySupport both ATI CrossFireX and NVIDIA SLI for ultimate graphics performanceFeatures high speed Gigabit Ethernet connectionXHD technology accelerating hard drive performance with easeAutoGreen technology Greening your PC via Bluetooth cellphonePatented Gigabyte DualBIOS technology delivering highest level failure protectionHome theater quality 8-channel high definition audio
D8832338	Leading quality standard of Ultra Durable 3 technology with 2oz copper PCB designInnovative Smart 6 technology for Smarter PC managementSupport Intel Core i7/Core i5 processors with LGA 1156 socketDynamic Energy Saver 2 technology enables best energy efficiencySupport ATI CrossFireX for ultimate graphics performanceFeatures high speed Gigabit Ethernet connectionXHD technology accelerating hard drive performance with easeAutoGreen technology Greening your PC via Bluetooth cell phonePatented Gigabyte DualBIOS technology delivering highest level failure protectionHome theater quality 8-channel high definition audio
D8832339	Marketing description is not available.
D8832340	Marketing description is not available.
D8834017	Do more of the things you want to in less time and enhance your digital life with the multi-core performance and energy efficiency of AMD Athlon II processor-based desktop systems. Combined with superior ATI Radeon HD graphics technology, systems based on the AMD Athlon II processor deliver a vivid visual experience, superior multi-tasking, and exceptional digital media performance with next-generation energy efficiency.
D8834980	AMD Phenom II processors deliver the ultimate visual experience for high definition entertainment, advanced multitasking performance, and power-saving innovations for smaller, cooler machines that are energy efficient. Live your life in HD. AMD Phenom II is for high definition entertainment, gaming, creativity, and beyond. With AMD Phenom II processors as the foundation, you'll enjoy a level of responsiveness and visual intensity. AMD puts high definition computing within everyone's reach. Do more than Dual Core - take advantage of a third core to get performance that turns your imagination into reality.
D8835219	Marketing description is not available.
D8835220	Marketing description is not available.
D8835221	A technology leader in engineering premium memory solutions, Kingston is proud to offer "HyperX" memory products for gaming enthusiasts. Get faster gaming for better action, and the highest performance that your motherboard or system can support with Kingston HyperX!If Speed is what you need, HyperX memory modules are specially engineered and tested for higher speeds and for system overclocking. Unlike other gamer modules, each of Kingston's memory chips are custom-packaged and tested at their rated speeds. This means that every HyperX memory chip is verified to reliably support the top speed on high-end Advantest memory testers before they are included on premium quality HyperX memory modules.Kingston HyperX memory is designed based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D8835222	Marketing description is not available.
D8835223	Marketing description is not available.
D8835224	Marketing description is not available.
D8835225	Marketing description is not available.
D8835226	Marketing description is not available.
D8835228	Marketing description is not available.
D8835229	Marketing description is not available.
D8835230	Marketing description is not available.
D8835231	Marketing description is not available.
D8835232	Marketing description is not available.
D8835233	Marketing description is not available.
D8835234	A technology leader in engineering premium memory solutions, Kingston is proud to offer "HyperX" memory products for gaming enthusiasts. Get faster gaming for better action, and the highest performance that your motherboard or system can support with Kingston HyperX!If Speed is what you need, HyperX memory modules are specially engineered and tested for higher speeds and for system overclocking. Unlike other gamer modules, each of Kingston's memory chips are custom-packaged and tested at their rated speeds. This means that every HyperX memory chip is verified to reliably support the top speed on high-end Advantest memory testers before they are included on premium quality HyperX memory modules.Kingston HyperX memory is designed based on the latest DDR specifications available, and is 100% tested at Kingston's flagship factories. Built with the best-quality components, Kingston HyperX is competitively priced and is the choice for the serious gamer.
D8835235	Marketing description is not available.
D8835236	Marketing description is not available.
D8835237	Marketing description is not available.
D8835238	Marketing description is not available.
D8835239	DDR3 modules are specifically engineered and designed to meet the rigorous requirements of PC enthusiasts. DDR3 memory offers faster speeds, lower latencies, higher data bandwidths and lower power consumption than DDR2. HyperX DDR3 modules are available in single, dual and triple-channel memory kits.
D8835497	Corsair's Extreme Series drives are among the fastest available today. The combination of the Indilinx Barefoot controller, Samsung flash memory, and a generous onboard cache, results in extreme performance with up to 220MB/s sequential read and 175MB/s sequential write speeds. The Extreme Series drives are for RAID 0 configurations on your desktop, delivering blistering speed and eliminating the long-standing performance bottleneck of traditional mechanical hard disks.
D8835498	Corsair's Extreme Series drives are among the fastest available today. The combination of the Indilinx Barefoot controller, Samsung flash memory, and a generous onboard cache, results in extreme performance with up to 220MB/s sequential read and 175MB/s sequential write speeds. The Extreme Series drives are for RAID 0 configurations on your desktop, delivering blistering speed and eliminating the long-standing performance bottleneck of traditional mechanical hard disks.
D8835499	Corsair's Extreme Series drives are among the fastest available today. The combination of the Indilinx Barefoot controller, Samsung flash memory, and a generous onboard cache, results in extreme performance with up to 220MB/s sequential read and 175MB/s sequential write speeds. The Extreme Series drives are for RAID 0 configurations on your desktop, delivering blistering speed and eliminating the long-standing performance bottleneck of traditional mechanical hard disks.
D8838234	LG GH22 super-multi DVD burner supports recording of a full DVD in just several minutes, using the 22x recording speed. GH22 super multi drive with security function offers password encryption, adds a digital signature to all data to allow recipients to verify data authenticity, detect altered data through checksums to verify data integrity and also increase data reliability through redundantly stored data.
D8838235	Marketing description is not available.
D8839819	Marketing description is not available.
D8839871	The GA-MA785GT-UD3H introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology on AMD platform with featuring 2 oz copper PCB and further helps to reduce the system temperature and dramatically enhance the performance. Based on AMD 785G chipset, GA-MA785GT-UD3H is integrated ATI Radeon HD 4200 (DX10.1) graphics engine and supports the latest 45nm AMD AM3 Phenom II/ Athlon II processors, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links, DDR3 memory, PCI Express 2.0 graphics interface and so on. With the innovative Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver technology, GA-MA785GT-UD3H is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8839872	The GA-MA785GMT-UD2H introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology on AMD platform with featuring 2 oz copper PCB and further helps to reduce the system temperature and dramatically enhance the performance. Based on AMD 785G chipset, GA-MA785GMT-UD2H is integrated ATI Radeon HD 4200 (DX10.1) graphics engine and supports AMD Phenom II quad-core processors, DDR3 memory modules, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links, PCI Express 2.0 graphics interface and so on. With the innovative Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver technology, GA-MA785GMT-UD2H is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8840467	With faster, intelligent, multi-core technology that applies processing power where it's needed most, Intel Core i7 processors deliver an incredible breakthrough in PC performance. They are the best desktop processors on the planet.You'll multitask applications faster and unleash incredible digital media creation. And you'll experience maximum performance for everything you do.
D8840468	With faster, intelligent, multi-core technology that applies processing power where it's needed most, Intel Core i7 processors deliver an incredible breakthrough in PC performance. They are the best desktop processors on the planet.You'll multitask applications faster and unleash incredible digital media creation. And you'll experience maximum performance for everything you do.
D8840469	With intelligent performance that accelerates in response to demanding tasks, such as playing games and editing photos, the Intel Core i5 processor moves faster when you do.The Intel Core i5 processor automatically allocates processing power where it's needed most. Whether you're creating HD video, composing digital music, editing photos, or playing the coolest PC games - with the Intel Core i5 processor you can multitask with ease and be more productive than ever.
D8840684	Further equipped with 216 stream processor, GeForce GTX 260 Sonic, the overclocking edition, is to provide ultimate gaming and home entertaining experience whether it's ripping through DirectX 10 games at blazing fast frame rates, experiencing a new world of realistic physical motion and massively destructible environment, transcoding HD video to you portable video player, or helping discover a cure for cancer via Folding@home, you can put your PC to work for you with the power of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 260 GPUs.
D8840795	NETGEAR's popular FS108 desktop switch, known for its reliability and performance, provides your LAN with high-speed, 10/100 Mbps auto-sensing connectivity for as many as 8 users. Just plug in your Ethernet cables, connect a power cord, and you're ready to go-there's no software to configure. It negotiates to the fastest possible connection and with Auto Uplink technology, this switch automatically figures out if the link needs a straight-through or cross-over connection, and makes the right choice. Existing 10BASE-T devices are easily integrated within higher bandwidth environments, with full wire speeds on all ports of either 10 Mbps or 100 Mbps. Engineered without the need for internal fans, it operates silently. And this very compact switch is housed in a sturdy metal case for years of dependable use.When you want solid network performance for your growing business, plus the added benefit of quiet operation, NETGEAR's ProSafe FS108 is your best choice for quality, convenience, and smooth - running usability - all at very affordable price.
D8841877	The Dragon Lord k62 is targeted for the LAN party gamers. It is a mid-tower case, which is ideal for the graphics cards in combination with the best thermal dynamics. All the internal installation can be done without tools, and is easily adjustable to optimize your hardware setup. Especially in the advent of adding in graphics cards, equipped with 8 PCI slots, can hold three or more graphics cards, supports CrossfireX and 3-way SLI.The Dragon Load k62 is equipped with large cooling fans, with low RPM, which still provide enough air flow to cool down the hardware adequately. The front 140mm intakes blue LED fan runs at 1000rpm. The top two silent 140mm ball-bearing blue LED fans exhaust the hot air out at 1000rpm, and the rear 120mm fan extracts the hot air out at 1500rpm.
D8842117	The SpinPoint M7 utilizes Samsung's proprietary SilentSeek and NoiseGuard technologies to minimize the noise-level of the mechanical drive operation. The halogen-free drive complies with the European Union's Restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment (RoHS) regulations.
D8843254	Put more in the frame with the 12.1 MP Digital IXUS 110 IS. Combining a wide-angle lens and widescreen 16:9 LCD, it offers a stylish way to shoot beautiful, expansive still images and HD video. The distinctive Digital IXUS 110 IS features a curved, elegant design - finished in a choice of gold, silver, pink or blue. A resolution of 12.1 MP captures every scene in rich amounts of detail. Turn images into poster-size prints, or creatively crop images without losing the detail necessary for larger prints.For better viewing of widescreen movies and wide still images, the Digital IXUS 110 IS features a 2.8" PureColor LCD II with 16:9 aspect ratio. Optional on-screen Hints & Tips let you make the most of every feature. Active Display gives you a compelling, motion-activated way to review pictures. Smart Auto mode uses intelligent Scene Detection Technology to determine subject brightness, contrast, distance and overall hue. The camera then searches an incredible 18 possible modes, and selects the one which offers the perfect settings for the scene. Canon's DIGIC 4 processor drives exceptional processing speeds, responsive operation, superb image quality and color reproduction. Richly detailed, cleaner images, even at high ISO speeds, are the result of advanced Noise Reduction. DIGIC 4 also powers Canon's i-Contrast feature, for improved contrast and greater detail in tricky lighting conditions.The Digital IXUS 110 IS combats blur with Motion Detection Technology. Activated in Smart Auto mode, this uses a range of technologies to ascertain movement of both camera and subject. The optimum ISO is then automatically set for any situation. A suite of Face Detection technologies detects faces in a shot and adjusts focus, exposure, flash settings and white balance - for optimal results with natural-looking skin tones. Blink Detection lets you avoid the disappointment of mistimed people shots. FaceSelf-Timer makes group photos and self-portraits easy, taking the shot when an extra face is detected in the frame. Create cinematic, widescreen (16:9) movies in high definition, then use HDMI connectivity for playback on HD widescreen TVs.
D8844002	Marketing description is not available.
D8844010	Marketing description is not available.
D8844702	PRODUCT FEATURES:0dB: absolutely quiet thermal designHDCP compliantASUS GamerOSD
D8844749	Gainward's award winning High-Performance/Wide-Bandwidth hardware design powered by NVIDIA's GeForce 8400GS GPU which offers enhanced, leading-edge performance for the 3D enthusiasts.
D8846327	Marketing description is not available.
D8846332	Today's most advanced production memory standard, Samsung DDR3, continues the performance increases and architectural improvements seen in the preceding generations of computer memory. Based on the JEDEC specifications, Samsung DDR3 delivers extremely high bandwidth, with data rates currently up to 1.6Gbps, while consuming less power than DDR2, at 1.5V.Samsung DDR3 modules offer better signal control than DDR2 resulting from DQ shielding, self OCD, dynamic ODT and a fly-by command/ address/control bus with on-DIMM termination. DDR3's increased performance coupled with lower power requirements can benefit desktops, notebooks and servers alike. For example, one test showed that an 800MHz DDR3 SODIMM consumes approximately 28% less power than an equivalent DDR2 module when both perform the same task.
D8846375	PRODUCT FEATURES:Good for surfing the Internet, email and online chatProvides wireless access to your desktop, notebook or public WiFi hotspotsEasy set up with Smart Wizard installation softwareDelivers consistent wireless connections - no more dropped connections or dead spotsSimple and secure way to share a broadband Internet connection
D8846376	Good for surfing the Internet, email and online chatProvides wireless access to your desktop, notebook or public Wi-Fi hotspotsDelivers consistent wireless connections - no more dropped connections or dead spotsSimple and secure way to share a broadband Internet connectionDesigned for your notebook or desktop PCSupports WMM, WMM power save
D8846379	The NETGEAR 5-port Fast Ethernet switch model FS605v3 provides you with a low-cost, reliable, high-performance switch to connect up to five or eight different Ethernetenabled devices (such as computers, file servers, print servers, printers, routers and hubs).You use the FS605v3 switch to build a small network that enables you to have 100 Mbps access to other devices on the network. Also, with this switch, you can add extra computers to your cable or DSL router. Unlike a hub that shares its connection with all devices, the FS605v3 switch provides a full, dedicated 100 Mbps connection between two devices.Ethernet cables come as either straight-through or crossover cables - depending on whether you're connecting to a device (computer, server, or printer) or networking equipment (hub, switch, or router). With the Auto Uplink feature, you don't have to worry about which one you use. Each port on the FS605v3 switch automatically configures itself correctly when you plug in a device's cable.
D8846385	For a high-speed network on a small scale, nothing delivers like this stylish powerhouse. This fast, easy, and affordable Gigabit switch gives your home network the maximum capacity to handle huge bandwidth. Packed with ease-of-use features to simplify your networking experience, its sleek design makes it look great on a desktop - either flat or in the provided stand. The GS608 moves very large files such as high-end multimedia, gaming, Internet access, and other speed-intensive applications across your network instantly, and because it is standards-based, it painlessly integrates existing 10, 100, and 1000 Mbps devices on your network. The fan-less design results in silent operation allowing you to focus on your game or relax to your music. Matched with NETGEAR's thorough testing, the GS600 switches provide long-lasting performance you can count on.
D8846833	Verbatim's MediaStation has LAN access to the user's multimedia files from a PC on their home network. Features include easy to use folder navigation, password protection on files and enables the user to create their own personal playlists of multimedia files. MediaStation has Digital Audio 5.1 enabling a connection to home theater devices that support Dolby Digital and DTS surround sound and is fitted with the latest technology in internal SATA HDD. It is also possible to upscale standard resolution content to high definition 1080i component output.
D8846836	Verbatim's MediaStation has LAN access to the user's multimedia files from a PC on their home network. Features include easy to use folder navigation, password protection on files and enables the user to create their own personal playlists of multimedia files. MediaStation has Digital Audio 5.1 enabling a connection to home theater devices that support Dolby Digital and DTS surround sound and is fitted with the latest technology in internal SATA HDD. It is also possible to upscale standard resolution content to high definition 1080i component output.
D8849629	Marketing description is not available.
D8849727	Give your small business a big advantage with professional color output. This intelligent color laser 4-in-1 offers powerful send functionality and auto duplexing in a robust, easy to use unit.The MF8450 sets standards in color output quality for a desktop device by incorporating many of the advanced technologies found in Canon's high-end imaging devices: including Pure Black technology, Real-Time ACS (Auto Color Select), a Super Toric lens, and Dual Direct Mapping technology. High-quality color scans, copies and prints are easy to obtain, with superb color images and graphics, sharp fine text, and unrivalled color consistency and accuracy - even for those images featuring fine skin tones and shaded areas.The MF8450 combines quality with speed. The 4D in-line print engine produces color and mono prints and copies at consistently high speeds: 17 ppm/cpm. First copy out time is approximately 14 seconds. Furthermore, Canon's Quick First-Print technologies, including On-Demand Fixing technology, ensure zero warm-up time and no waiting, even from sleep mode.
D8849729	You need documents fast and the i-SENSYS LBP3300 delivers. The 21 pages per minute print speed ensures you meet your tightest deadlines - with professional laser output for a perfect finish.A standard built-in duplex unit provides automatic double-sided printing at a touch. Make your reports look more professional and save on paper costs at the same time. It couldn't be easier.Canon’s On-demand fixing technology virtually eliminates warm-up time and waiting. The first print comes out in just 9 seconds or less. Canon's Advanced Printing Technology and Smart Compression Architecture provide superior processing speed - complete with easy control of all printer settings using a simple graphical interface.The 600 x 600 dpi print resolution delivers professional laser quality output. This is enhanced right up to the equivalent of 2400 x 600 dpi using Canon's Automatic Image Refinement technology. Get clear, sharp prints for all your work whether text, photos or graphics.Simply replace Canon's all-in-one cartridge containing toner and all essential parts and your printer is as good as new. There's no mess or maintenance worries - just continuous high quality output. A higher yield toner cartridge is also available which allows you to print well over double the amount of pages.The standard 250-page cassette meets most needs with an optional 250-page cassette available for high volume printing. The i-SENSYS LBP3300 prints on a wide range of paper formats for all your requirements.This stylish, quiet and space-saving printer is designed for full frontal operation. Easy to place in the tightest spaces it enables hassle-free cartridge and paper replacement from the front.
D8849867	The attractive, slim design of the LG Super-Multi GP08NU20 external optical disc drive trims unnecessary bulk making it very portable. Simply plug via USB and burn CDs at 24x and DVD±Rs at 8x speeds. Super-Multi technology supports CD, DVD±R, and DVD-RAM formats for triple compatibility. All in a sleek package, the LG GP08NU20 delivers what you want for your CD and DVD burning needs.
D8850500	High Definition (HD) audioSATA 3Gb/sUSB 2.0 ports supportsGigabit LANEZ Flash 2CrashFree BIOS 3MyLogo 2
D8850516	VW224T - 22" 16:10 widescreen delivers sharp, life-like images. Fit two A4 size pages on screen to help double working efficiency. Wide viewing angles make the VW224T perfect for viewing high-quality DVD images. 16.7 million display colors deliver rich and colorful images.It provides the high contrast ratio of 5000:1, which can dynamically adjust contrast between black and white to provide sharper and brighter images - especially during games and movies.Aspect control function enables 4:3 contents without image distortion on the widescreen.
D8853272	The 760GTM-P33 is based on AMD 760G and SB710 chipset for optimal system efficiency. Designed to fit the advanced AMD processor the 760GTM-P33 delivers a high performance and professional desktop platform solution.
D8853558	Marketing description is not available.
D8853604	The GA-MA785GM-UD2H introduces revolutionary Gigabyte Ultra Durable 3 technology on AMD platform with featuring 2 oz copper PCB and further helps to reduce the system temperature and dramatically enhance the performance. Based on AMD 785G chipset, GA-MA785GM-UD2H is integrated ATI Radeon HD 4200 (DX10.1) graphics engine and supports AMD Phenom quad-core processors, DDR2 memory modules, HyperTransport 3.0 technology links, PCI Express 2.0 graphics interface and so on. With the innovative Gigabyte Easy Energy Saver technology, GA-MA785GM-UD2H is able to provide user friendly computing, reach the maximum system performance easily while still able to save the power and environment in real life at the same time.
D8853863	Superior hardware design648MHz core clock, 1242MHz (DDR 2484) memory clockHigh performance 2-slot fan coolingDual DVI (with Dual-link DVI, support up to 2560 x 1600) and video out connector with S-video/composite/HDTV supportProvides world-class HDTV-out functionality up to 1080i resolutionSupports two monitors simultaneouslyEasy plug-and-play
D8853939	The U120 is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.MSI has the same persistence for proper ergonomically design even on the keyboards of MSI's smaller notebook computers. The keyboard of the U120 not only has great texture, it also increased the space between the keys to 17.5mm, allowing you to be as comfortable as you can. Ingeniously designed spacebar and touchpad, so your fingers can move smoothly while avoiding strain.Unlike its other competitors that has compromised the memory capacity to decrease in size, the U120 is equipped with the 2.5 inch standard hard drive. It can operate just as any other notebook computers; without the worries of not having enough memory capacity to record the greatest moments in life.Intel Atom processor uses a design structure as basis adding in as much as 47 million transistors into one single chip, and the size is not even 25 (mm)². This is smallest and uses the least energy Intel processors thus far. Not only so, this processor has more than enough mobility and outstanding functions so MSI's users can to have complete access to the resourceful Internet. Always staying connected to the variety and options of entertainment.The U120 has the 802.11 b/g/n and Bluetooth transmission interface, you can enjoy the convenience of accessing the Internet at home or out with U120.Equipped with high resolution webcam, high-performance 2 channel stereo speakers, and microphone, all fitted perfectly within the framework design, expressing the slickness of technology and the elegance of modern fashion. Web-chats can be broadcasted instantly not missing one exciting moment. The photo taken is very sharp in resolution and brilliant in colors, capturing precise imagery both indoor or out, adding more fun to instant messaging.U120 offers a complete entertainment interface, which includes the 4 in 1 card reader, so it may meet the standards of the mainstream memory cards, making it easy to upload digital files into the notebook computer. MSI's focus was on the common products in the market, such as PDA's, digital cameras, digital video cameras, digital MP3 players, global GPS systems and such, also connecting to the U120 Series through USB 2.0 port.The last battery life can escalate the mobility and the productiveness of the U120, which can also make your daily lives much more convenient.
D8853941	The MSI CX600 features wedge-shaped designs with streamlined 45 degree angled edges and optical drive and I/O ports designed with a clean, minimalist style. A distinctive imprint finish on the lid interacts with light to provide ever-changing patterns thanks to MSI's color film print technology. Inside, the touch pad area is treated with sturdy, scratch resistant material that gives off a luminescent shine and brings classic design and functionality into daily life - ideal for entertainment, learning, and business applications.The CX600 external casing benefits from the application of color film print technology, which allows the surface to interact with ambient light, creating vivid visual effects and changing design patterns. Other special features include LED backlight displays, brushed metal touch pad buttons, and a keyboard treated to enhance surface texture and aesthetic qualities, creating a discreet yet high quality feel. In short, the CX600 is portable fashion statements.
D8853942	The MSI CX600 features wedge-shaped designs with streamlined 45 degree angled edges and optical drive and I/O ports designed with a clean, minimalist style. A distinctive imprint finish on the lid interacts with light to provide ever-changing patterns thanks to MSI's color film print technology. Inside, the touchpad area is treated with sturdy, scratch resistant material that gives off a luminescent shine and brings classic design and functionality into daily life - ideal for entertainment, learning, and business applications.The CX600 external casing benefits from the application of color film print technology, which allows the surface to interact with ambient light, creating vivid visual effects and changing design patterns. Other special features include LED backlight displays, brushed metal touchpad buttons, and a keyboard treated to enhance surface texture and aesthetic qualities, creating a discreet yet high quality feel. In short, the CX600 is portable fashion statements.
D8853953	The look of MSI Wind Top AE2010 has incorporated leather in its design for a further sense of fashion. Expressing individual taste, transforming the dull and boring image of the personal computer to a product of elegance and fashion, bringing much more style and texture to your surroundings both at home and at work!AE2010 features 20-inch widescreen LCD and embeds the AMD chipset in. It enables users to deliver a high definition theater experience.Other than the regular VGA out functions, the AE2010 also supports VGA in, so you can display images on the widescreen of the AE2010 at anytime.
D8855150	At last - a compact, high-performance inkjet photo all-in-one with built-in wireless and auto duplex printing has arrived! The PIXMA MP560 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one perfectly blends performance and convenience. Its built-in two-sided printing can save you paper and help the environment so you can be efficient and eco-friendly, all at the same time. The Auto Photo Fix II feature automatically adjusts and helps to correct your photos and you can preview images before you print on its built-in 2.0" LCD. Making copies? No problem. Dual Color Gamut Processing technology enables your copies to maintain the integrity of the original.
D8855153	Marketing description is not available.
D8855154	Delivering the performance and productivity that dynamic workgroups demand, this rapid and robust desktop laser printer offers a built-in network interface, PCL support and fast double-sided printing.This compact and robust laser printer delivers your large, multi-page documents at a rapid speed of 26 pages per minute. You benefit from professional output with sharp text and clear graphics, thanks to a print resolution up to 2400 x 600dpi.Get prints the moment you need them, without waiting. There's zero warm-up time from sleep mode due to the On-Demand fixing technology - and a First Print Out Time of only 6.5 seconds. What's more, operation is quiet and this energy efficient printer uses only 5 watts in sleep mode.Ideal for workgroups, the i-SENSYS LBP3370 has a built-in network interface for easy connection to your office network. A Remote User Interface allows users to view machine status and monitor print jobs from their web browser. Also administrators can control machine settings.PCL5e/6 support ensures seamless integration into existing PCL printing environments. Plus UFRII - Canon's high performance printer language - provides superior processing speed for fast output of documents.
D8855156	The i-SENSYS LBP3460 offers a highly productive print speed of 33 pages per minute. Perfect for high volume printing and heavy-duty use, it delivers professional laser output for all your documents. Canon's on-demand fixing technology virtually eliminates warm-up time and waiting. The first print comes out in just 8 seconds or less.PCL 5e/6 support provides maximum compatibility to make this printer ideal for use in existing PCL printing environments. Canon's own high performance UFR II printer language is also supported.Share printer resources for maximum productivity with standard built-in 100Base-TX/10Base-T networking. It's simple to set up, use and control from every connected PC. The USB 2.0 Hi-Speed interface speeds up image processing between PCs and the printer.The 600 x 600 dpi print resolution delivers professional laser quality output. This is enhanced right up to the equivalent of 2400 x 600 dpi using Canon's Automatic Image Refinement technology. Get clear, sharp prints for all your work whether text, photos or graphics.
D8855157	Enhance communications with high quality color output, powerful SEND functionality and auto duplexing. This robust color multifunctional printer is ideal for corporate and small business workgroups.Give your work added impact with beautiful color images, bold graphics and sharp text. This desktop model incorporates many of the advanced technologies found in Canon's high-end imaging devices to deliver the finest color quality.With Canon's Quick First-Print technologies there's zero warm-up time, so no waiting. The unit springs into action the moment it's needed. And with up to 21 ppm color print or copy speeds, there's also no waiting for jobs to complete. The i-SENSYS MF9130 is Energy Star certified and consumes only 1.2 watts in sleep mode.The large 3.5 inch color TFT display with Easy-Scroll Wheel allows easy access to all functions. A target-orientated graphical menu enables speedy, smooth operation.
D8855181	HDP-R1 takes the trend to bring HD experience to viewers in the living room. Simply connecting your O!Play HD media player via HDMI, users will witness the vivid and vibrant video coming to full wonder.With exclusive RMVB support on HDP-R1, users do not have to worry about the compatibilities of file format. To most of the video, music and picture formats, HDP-R1 lets users plug in their storage and enjoy the show.HDP-R1 is the 1st HD media player to provide music shuffle function with a dedicated button on the remote control. Just one touch from a distance, O!Play accesses all the music files on the storage and then starts playing the music randomly.This device supports SRT, SUB, SMI, SSA subtitles formats.
D8856959	"Midgard-W" - home of mankind and protected by Thor, God of thunder, and his hammer. Signalizing the strength of divines and mercy, but at the same time proprietary the hardware you built in. Combined design and features such as SECC and steel mesh are spotlighting your chassis when your system is built. Furthermore this chassis is supplied with 2 x 120mm pre installed fans, but another 5 fans can be mounted in different areas for best possible airflow. Tool free design and a "gorgeous" outlook are only a few points why this chassis is a "must" not only for enthusiast but also for pc beginners.Classic chassis exterior contains pure coating interior even with each screw. It is more elegant and fancy design than any other mid-tower chassis with ATX and Micro-ATX form factors.
D8856963	The XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTS 250 graphics cards provide gamers with optimal levels of performance, speed and user experience, launching gamers far beyond the starting line from the very first frame XFX NVIDIA GeForce GTS 250 graphics card is a singularly powerful card that pushes its 128 cores to the limit, making it one of the fastest graphics cards available. Better still, it is designed for up to triple the smack down power with 2- or 3-way SLI, guaranteeing that it is one of the most attractively priced power players on the market today.
D8865384	Rule the battlefield with the Fatal1ty Professional Series Gaming Headset Mk II! Gaming-optimized full-spectrum neodymium drivers deliver clear voice communication, thunderous arcane explosions, and the shriek of bullets with dynamic aural precision. Every massive or subtle audio cue is accurately reproduced, allowing you to hunt down your enemies with ease. Designed and tuned for the highest levels of MMO and competitive play, the contoured ear cups and steel-core headband provide maximum sound isolation and comfort - even during extended gaming sessions.For the ultimate communication experience, pair the Mk II with a sound blaster X-Fi titanium series sound card and experience Silencer technology which mercilessly eliminates background noise - now your voice is always heard clearly. It's time to get serious about your game.
D8866853	The more frames the better. MSI presents a scoop of its upcoming MSI P55 mainboard with Overclocking Genie technology, allowing even newcomers to get the most out of their hardware. Ensuring the best performance per watt, MSI's P55 mainboard will also be equipped with DrMOS and APS technology, which is still the only OS independent power saver on the market.
D8866854	The more frames the better. MSI presents a scoop of its upcoming MSI P55 mainboard with Overclocking Genie technology, allowing even newcomers to get the most out of their hardware. Ensuring the best performance per watt, MSI's P55 mainboard will also be equipped with DrMOS and APS technology, which is still the only OS independent power saver on the market.
D8866923	The more frames the better. MSI presents a scoop of its upcoming MSI P55 mainboard with Overclocking Genie technology, allowing even newcomers to get the most out of their hardware. Ensuring the best performance per watt, MSI's P55 mainboard will also be equipped with DrMOS and APS technology, which is still the only OS independent power saver on the market.
D8868989	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards. Dollar-for-dollar, this GPU packs great performance.
D8868990	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards. Dollar-for-dollar, this GPU packs great performance.
D8868991	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards. Dollar-for-dollar, this GPU packs great performance.
D8869015	Marketing description is not available.
D8869017	Marketing description is not available.
D8869019	Marketing description is not available.
D8869021	Marketing description is not available.
D8870311	Grab their attention. Make high-impact presentations with a powerful green laser. Keep track of time and wireless range with the LCD display. Feel free to move around the room, up to 100 feet.
D8870313	Get more of what you need to get more done, more comfortably and more battery life. The ability to use it in more places! It is a more convenient wireless receiver and a more comfortable shape.
D8870314	Transport yourself into your music, movies, and games. Plug in your Logitech Squeezebox, gaming console, DVD player, or iPod with the Logitech Speaker System Z323.
D8870316	With its adjustable, behind-the-head design, pressure-relieving silicone lining, and pivoting ear pads, the Logitech Gaming Headset G330 delivers comfort that won't quit.
D8870318	There's sweat on your brow. And it's way too late to turn back. Everything is at stake.When you need to choose wisely, the Logitech gaming mouse G500 gives you a competitive edge - with a gaming-grade laser, onboard memory, and weight tuning.
D8870319	Rest your hand on the sculpted shape of Logitech Marathon Mouse M705, and you'll see there's much more to it than point-and-click. You may never have to replace this mouse's batteries for as long as you own it.
D8870320	Make your point. With a curved design, intuitively placed controls, and a bright red laser you'll be in control from start to finish. Feel free to move around the room, up to 50 feet.
D8870321	With your Logitech Performance Mouse MX, you've got the power to conquer almost any surface and any task without a second thought.
D8870322	You work everywhere. Now your mouse does, too. When you're using Logitech Anywhere Mouse MX with Logitech Darkfield Laser Tracking, you've got the power and precision to triumph over surfaces like glass tables where optical and standard laser mice fail.
D8870324	Get more of what you need to get more done, more comfortably and more battery life. The ability to use it in more places! It is a more convenient wireless receiver and a more comfortable shape.
D8871162	Further equipped with 216 stream processor, GeForce GTX 260 Sonic, the overclocking edition, is to provide ultimate gaming and home entertaining experience whether it's ripping through DirectX 10 games at blazing fast frame rates, experiencing a new world of realistic physical motion and massively destructible environment, transcoding HD video to you portable video player, or helping discover a cure for cancer via Folding@home, you can put your PC to work for you with the power of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 260 GPUs.
D8873638	Superior hardware design648MHz core clock, 1242MHz (DDR 2484) memory clockHigh performance 2-slot fan coolingDual DVI (with Dual-link DVI, support up to 2560 x 1600) and video out connector with S-video/composite/HDTV supportProvides world-class HDTV-out functionality up to 1080i resolutionSupports two monitors simultaneouslyEasy plug-and-play
D8873654	PCI-Express 2.02-slot dual fan and copper heatpipe sinkExtreme HD-output
D8875934	Marketing description is not available.
D8875972	Marketing description is not available.
D8875975	The XFX GeForce 9800 GT powers extreme HD gaming and entertainment, setting a standard far beyond expectations both in price and performance. Watch as the reveal things you've never experienced, pushing your gaming to limits you never knew existed.
D8876747	PRODUCT FEATURES:ASUS powerful fansink: 13°C cooler comparing to generic designNative HDMI on boardHDCP compliantNVIDIA SLI technologyDual dual-link DVI supportNVIDIA PureVideo HD technology
D8876749	ASUS ENGTS250 DK/DI/1GD3 provides real-time overclocking, benchmarking and video capturing in any PC game! ASUS ENGTS250 DK/DI/1GD3 features ASUS Smart Doctor. Your intelligent hardware protection and overclocking tool.
D8876750	Exclusive Glaciator FansinkUltimate armamentsHDMI supportedASUS gamer OSDASUS smart doctorNVIDIA GeForce GTS250PCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportMicrosoft DirectX 10 and Shader model 4.0 supportOpenGL 2.1 supportHDCP compliantNVIDIA PureVideo HD technologyNVIDIA Quantum technology
D8876826	The 15.4" widescreen screen enables you to open many windows applets at the same time. VR603 features in 15.4" ACV widescreen display with 1280 x 800 high resolution which gives you the most detailed and intricate images, resulting in high saturation and high definition quality for a luxurious visual sensation that's easy on the eyes. Even after long periods in front of the VR603, your eyes won't feel uncomfortable. Featuring slim appearance, MSI VR603 is much more portable than other 15" notebooks in the market. So, VR603 is ideal for your work environment.The VR603 has an independent numeric keypad to the right of the keyboard. Using this keypad is intuitive and requires no extra learning process on the part of the user. VR603 features MSI exclusive ECO Engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function of MSI notebook, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks.To deliver truly high performance computing power, VR603 powered by the Intel Celeron processor. Additionally VR603 is also equipped with a 4 well distributed USB 2.0 ports. Moreover, featuring the 802.11b/g wireless networking standard, the VR603 will get you on the Internet wirelessly anytime.
D8877512	This motherboard supports AMD Socket AM3 multi-core processors with unique L3 cache and delivers better overclocking capabilities with less power consumption. It features dual-channel DDR3 1333 memory support and accelerates data transfer rate up to 5200MT/s via HyperTransport 3.0 based system bus. This motherboard also supports AMD CPUs in the 45nm manufacturing process.This motherboard provides convenient connectivity to external home theater audio systems via coaxial and optical S/PDIF-out (SONY-PHILIPS Digital Interface) jacks. It allows to transfer digital audio without converting to analog format and keeps the best signal quality.
D8877513	This motherboard provides convenient connectivity to external home theater audio systems via coaxial and optical S/PDIF-out jacks. It allows to transfer digital audio without converting to analog format and keeps the best signal quality.This motherboard supports the PCIe 2.0 devices for double speed and bandwidth which enhances system performance. It also supports hard drives based on the Serial ATA (SATA) 3Gb/s storage specification, delivering enhanced scalability and doubling the bus bandwidth for high-speed data retrieval and saves. The external SATA port located at the back I/O provides smart setup and hot-plug functions. Easily backup photos, videos and other entertainment contents on external devices.
D8877514	This motherboard M4A785D-M PRO supports AMD AM3 multi-core processors with unique L3 cache and delivers better overclocking capabilities with less power consumption. It features dual-channel DDR2 1066 memory support and accelerates data transfer rate up to 5200MT/s via HyperTransport 3.0 based system bus. This motherboard also supports AMD CPUs in the 45nm manufacturing process.This motherboard supports AMD Socket AM2+ multi-core processors. It features dual-channel DDR2 1066 memory support, data transfer rate up to 5200MT/s via HyperTransport 3.0 based system bus, and AMD Cool 'n' Quiet technology.AMD 785G/SB710 chipset is designed to support up to 5200MT/s HyperTransport 3.0 (HT3.0) interface speed and PCI Express 2.0 x 16 graphics. It is optimized with AMD's AM3 and multi-core CPUs to provide excellent system performance and overclocking capabilities.This motherboard supports multiple digital and analog display output interfaces - HDMI, DVI, and D-Sub. With such diversity of display outputs, you are able to choose and upgrade display devices freely.To attain top performance, ASUS engineers have successfully unleashed DDR2 1200(O.C.) MHz to meet the higher bandwidth requirements of the latest operation system, 3D graphics, multimedia, and Internet applications.This motherboard supports next-generation SATA hard drives based on the SATA 3Gb/s storage specification.The motherboard supports hard drives based on the Serial ATA (SATA) 3Gb/s storage specification, delivering enhanced scalability and doubling the bus bandwidth for high-speed data retrieval and saves. The external SATA port located at the back I/O provides smart setup and hot-plug functions. Easily backup photos, videos and other entertainment contents on external devices.This motherboard provides convenient connectivity to external home theater audio systems via coaxial and optical S/PDIF-out jacks. It allows to transfer digital audio without converting to analog format and keeps the best signal quality.M4A785D-M PRO supports AMD Cool 'n' Quiet! technology, which monitors system operation and automatically adjusts CPU voltage and frequency for a cool and quiet environment.
D8877553	PCI-Express 2.02-slot dual fan and copper heatpipe sinkExtreme HD-output
D8880250	The GeForce GTX 285 GPU with CUDA technology not only provides a best-in-class gaming experience, it also delivers Graphics Plus. Experience jaw-dropping PhysX gaming effects. Stereoscopic 3D, and lighting fast video and image processing all accelerated by the GPU.
D8880771	Torn between getting an LCD TV and a computer monitor? Thanks to the ASUS T1 series TV monitor which combines the best of both worlds, you no longer have to choose.
D8880951	Marketing description is not available.
D8880992	Loaded with the latest features, the Club 3D HD 4650 delivers a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics chips. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Equip your system with a Club 3D HD 4650 graphics card to watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that delivers new levels of performance in the mainstream segment.
D8881443	Marketing description is not available.
D8881444	Marketing description is not available.
D8881469	Marketing description is not available.
D8884441	With advanced overclocking capability and a range of connectivity features for today's multi-media computing requirements, G43MX enables you to unleash more power from your computer.
D8884448	Ultra-thin chassis designEasy installationLow powerChassis using a vacuum sputtering technology and radiation protection of professional design
D8884449	Based on the Intel G31 chipset, and supporting the latest Intel Core 2 Quad and Core 2 Duo processors up to 1333MHz FSB (OC mode), the G31MX-K unlocks the latest processing power for the integrated desktop market. This motherboard also includes the Intel GMA 3100 graphics engine, which enables full Microsoft DirectX 9 support. Gigabit LAN and 6-channel HD audio are included onboard.
D8884454	Marketing description is not available.
D8884459	Foxconn Quantum Force aims to deliver high performance computing, connectivity and digital enterainment. FlamingBlade GTI comes with more options for accessing and managing other devices, enhanced reliability features and PC multimedia technologies. FlamingBlade GTI is the ideal choice for extreme performance or quantum force. This motherboard is based on the Intel X58 chipset - providing ultimate performance for today's desktop computers. The FlamingBlade GTI supports the latest industry technologies - Intel Bloomfield series processors and DDR3 1800MHz (via overclocking) memory. Ferrite choke power delivery and Heatsink design help to maximize performance and increase reliability. And at the same time, provided the digital audio outputs via S/PDIF OUT and 7.1 HD audio guarantees the highest quality fidelity for games and movies.
D8884460	Supports AMD Phenom, Athlon 64 x2, Athlon 64, processors, Sempron, Socket AM2+/AM2 processor2000 MT/s HyperTransportDual channel DDR2 1066/800/667/533 x 2 DIMMs, Max 4GB1 x PCIe x16, 1 x PCIe x1, 2 x PCI1 x ATA133 + 2 x Serial ATA II with RAID 0, 1, 0+1, 5, JBOD5.1 channel HDA, VIA 1708B10/100M LAN, Broadcom AC1318 USB 2.0 ports
D8884461	Performance knockout! Introducing the A7DA-S motherboard with outstanding graphics capability for HD video playback and gaming. Based on the AMD 790GX chipset with SB750, features include built-in decoding that improves the smoothness of HD video playback whilst reducing the loading on your CPU, enhanced overclocking performance with AMD OverDrive, and graphics-enhancing features such as performance cache, Hybrid Graphics and CrossFireX. With the A7DA-S inside your PC, all you need to do is sit back and enjoy the show!
D8884463	Supporting the AMD Phenom processor, this socket AM2+ motherboard is based on the AMD 770 chipset (with SB700 south bridge) and is designed for mainstream discrete graphics solutions. Featuring DDR2 1066MHz support, PCIe generation 2.0 slots, 6x SATAII connectors with RAID functionality, 10x USB 2.0 ports, onboard 5.1 channel HD audio and Gigabit LAN, it is ideal for mid-range AMD Phenom systems.
D8884464	Supporting the AMD Phenom processor, this socket AM2+/AM3 motherboard features the AMD 780G chipset and an advanced DirectX 10 graphics engine with AMD UVD technology. UVD supports Blue-Ray and HD-DVD content, whilst offloading power and processor-intensive video decoding from the CPU to the graphics core. The A7GM-S 2.0 also provides excellent graphics upgrade capability, with PCIe Generation 2.0 support and ATI Hybrid graphics technology - which boosts your system performance by enabling the ability for both discrete graphics and integrated graphics to render simultaneously. Other features include Gigabit LAN and 7.1 channel HD audio with multi-streaming support. The A7GM-S 2.0 is the perfect solution for home cinema PCs, or as the basis of a versatile multi-media PC.
D8886794	The GeForce GTX 285 GPU with CUDA technology not only provides a best-in-class gaming experience, it also delivers Graphics Plus. Experience jaw-dropping PhysX gaming effects. Stereoscopic 3D, and lighting fast video and image processing all accelerated by the GPU.
D8886795	Value-priced GeForce 8400GS now offers the features of the GeForce 8 series architecture for an incredible value. With Super size memory, GeForce 8400GS Super is designed for performance hunters to escape from memory capacity bottlenecks while playing the latest DirectX 9 and DirectX 10 games.
D8886796	Experience best-in-class graphics performance in the hottest games. And with full GPU-acceleration for NVIDIA PhysX technology, GeForce GTX 275 will change your 3D gaming experience by bringing dynamic forces of nature and massively destructible environments to games. With GeForce GTX 275, getting the graphics plus physics performance that your games demand.
D8889691	With enhanced memory architecture that is able to handle 115GB a second, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4870 is the only graphics card available with blazing fast GDDR5 memory. Featuring nearly one billion transistors and up to 800 stream processors, the high resolutions and fast frame rates that were once the sole domain of dual-card systems are now yours.
D8896195	The ASUS P7P55D series motherboards come with the processing core and a cutting-edge design to deliver ultimate overclocking, better cooling, improved power efficiency, and one of the fastest memory booting. Using revolutionary hybrid technology, the ASUS P7P55D series delivers intelligent performance enhancements with the hybrid processor and hybrid phase. It is also based on groundbreaking "Xtreme design", a winning design formula drawn from many years of engineering innovation, which optimizes reliability of PC hardware.
D8896196	Marketing description is not available.
D8896197	The ASUS P7P55D series motherboard with the processing core and a cutting-edge design to deliver ultimate overclocking, better cooling, improves power efficiency, and one of the fastest memory booting. Using revolutionary Hybrid technology, the ASUS P7P55D series delivers intelligent performance enhancements with the Hybrid Processor, Hybrid Phase, and Hybrid Operating System. It is also based on groundbreaking "Xtreme Design", a winning design formula drawn from many years of engineering innovation, which optimizes overall system performance and reliability of PC hardware.The P7P55D Deluxe comes with 10-channel audio and DTS Surround Sensation UltraPC support. ASUS incorporates an innovative bridge to double bandwidth to fully realize the speed available for maximum data throughput.
D8896198	The ASUS P7P55D series motherboards come with the processing core and a cutting-edge design to deliver ultimate overclocking, better cooling, improved power efficiency, and one of the fastest memory booting. Using revolutionary hybrid technology, the ASUS P7P55D series delivers intelligent performance enhancements with the hybrid processor and hybrid phase. It is also based on groundbreaking "Xtreme design", a winning design formula drawn from many years of engineering innovation, which optimizes reliability of PC hardware.
D8896239	The DOMINATOR-GT is the ultimate performance solution within the DOMINATOR product line. Limited to only extremely high memory speeds, the Corsair DOMINATOR-GT only uses highly screened IC's to guarantee performance and over-clockability. Using ultra efficient Dual-path Heat Xchange (DHX) cooling technology, the DOMINATOR-GT modules also ship with the Airflow Fan to maximize heat transfer away from the modules - all the while being stable and reliable. With removable heat sinks, the DOMINATOR-GT modules can even be outfitted with additional upcoming accessories with enhanced features.
D8896240	Marketing description is not available.
D8896702	Marketing description is not available.
D8896732	Marketing description is not available.
D8897466	Loaded with the latest features, the Club 3D HD 4650 delivers a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics chips. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Equip your system with a Club 3D HD 4650 graphics card to watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that delivers new levels of performance in the mainstream segment.
D8898337	Windows Server 2008 R2 Datacenter is optimized for large-scale virtualization on small to large server systems and for workloads that require the highest levels of scalability, reliability, and availability to support large, mission-critical applications.With unlimited virtualization use rights and a hypervisor-based virtualization technology, Windows Server 2008 R2 Datacenter provides the flexibility and cost savings to easily run large numbers of virtualized Windows Server instances.Server virtualization technology lets you optimize system utilization and resources and realize significant infrastructure and management cost savings. Windows Server 2008 R2 Datacenter provides an ideal platform for enterprise-scale virtualization. Windows Server 2008 R2 Datacenter features Hyper-V, a flexible high-performance hypervisor-based virtualization technology. In addition, Windows Server 2008 R2 Datacenter licenses include unlimited virtualization rights, meaning that you have rights to run an unlimited number of Windows Server instances on servers licensed with Windows Server 2008 R2 Datacenter.
D8898607	With enhanced memory architecture that is able to handle 115GB a second, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4870 is the only graphics card available with blazing fast GDDR5 memory. Featuring nearly one billion transistors and up to 800 stream processors, the high resolutions and fast frame rates that were once the sole domain of dual-card systems are now yours.
D8898608	With enhanced memory architecture that is able to handle 115GB a second, the XFX ATI Radeon HD 4870 is the only graphics card available with blazing fast GDDR5 memory. Featuring nearly one billion transistors and up to 800 stream processors, the high resolutions and fast frame rates that were once the sole domain of dual-card systems are now yours.
D8901147	Marketing description is not available.
D8901193	The 15.4" widescreen screen enables you to open many windows applets at the same time. VR603 features in 15.4" ACV widescreen display with 1280 x 800 high resolution which gives you the most detailed and intricate images, resulting in high saturation and high definition quality for a luxurious visual sensation that's easy on the eyes. Even after long periods in front of the VR603, your eyes won't feel uncomfortable. Featuring slim appearance, MSI VR603 is much more portable than other 15" notebooks in the market. So, VR603 is ideal for your work environment.The VR603 has an independent numeric keypad to the right of the keyboard. Using this keypad is intuitive and requires no extra learning process on the part of the user. VR603 features MSI exclusive ECO Engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function of MSI Notebook, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks.To deliver truly high performance computing power, VR603 powered by the Intel Pentium processor. Additionally VR603 is also equipped with a 4 well distributed USB 2.0 ports, and a Multi-DVD burner. So, you can easy to edit or save high-quality photOS/video.
D8901244	The Dominator family of memory represents the ultimate in performance technology engineering from Corsair. The Dominator is designed to have the highest performing IC maximum over-clocking capability and efficient DHX cooling - all the while being stable and reliable.Very few components make it into the Dominator family. Corsair performs rigorous testing and screening on all components to select only the best for the Dominator modules. The tests check for high frequency and/or low latency capabilities for each IC. Then, they are thoroughly tested for maximum interoperability and reliability as a united group to meet the stringent design criteria demanded by performance computing and gaming users.
D8901445	NETGEAR's popular FS100 series desktop switches, known for their reliability and performance, provide your LAN with high-speed, 10/100 Mbps auto-sensing connectivity. Just plug in your Ethernet cables, connect a power cord, and you're ready to go-there's no software to configure. They negotiate to the fastest possible connection and with Auto Uplink technology, these switches automatically figure out if the link needs a straight-through or cross-over connection, and makes the right choice. Existing 10BASE-T devices are easily integrated within higher bandwidth environments, with full wire speeds on all ports of either 10 Mbps or 100 Mbps. Engineered without the need for internal fans, they operate silently. And each of these very compact switches is housed in a sturdy metal case for years of dependable use.When you want solid network performance for your growing business, plus the added benefit of quiet operation, NETGEAR's ProSafe FS105 is your best choices for quality, convenience, and smooth - running usability - at very affordable price.
D8902165	Marketing description is not available.
D8902468	Conserve energy-saving surge protector with remote switch makes it simple to eliminate wasteful standby power, helping you reduce energy consumption, save on energy bills, and lower your overall impact on the environment.Conserve's one-touch remote switch easily powers off up to six devices plugged into its "Remote Switched Outlets", while two "Always On" outlets let you keep devices such as your answering machine or router constantly powered.
D8902723	Since its introduction, Cooler Master's Cosmos PC Chassis has garnering numerous awards and accolades around the world. Today, the best just got better as Cooler Master unleashes the Cosmos S Chassis, featuring a racing design, a touch-sensitive panel, and a gamut of user-friendly features, the Cosmos S is the evolution of the ultimate PC enclosure.When laying eyes on the Cosmos S for the first time, one is immediately drawn in by its sleek contours and exhilarating styling. Inspired by the some of the world's finest race cars, the Cosmos S exudes both speed and sophistication. From the meshed front and side panels to the brushed aluminum finish, the Cosmos S is pure lust, offering an enclosure fit for evolved sensibilities of the discriminating PC enthusiast.
D8904413	Norton Internet Security 2010 gives you greater insight into downloaded applications and files by telling you where they came from, if they can be trusted, and how they may impact your PC's resources and performance.Norton Internet Security 2010 warns you of dangerous web sites and suspicious sellers so you can surf and shop online with confidence.Norton Internet Security 2010 stops online identity theft, viruses, spyware, bots and more. Guards your PC, online activities, and your identity against all types of Internet threats.Norton Internet Security 2010 proactively blocks hackers and prevents dangerous software from downloading to your computer when you surf the web.Norton Internet Security 2010 detects and eliminates dangerous software with the shortest scan times of any security product.
D8904414	Norton AntiVirus 2010 delivers clear performance and threat explanations. Download Insight, File Insight, and Threat Insight give you greater insight into downloaded applications and files by telling you where they came from and how they impact your PC's resources and performance.Norton AntiVirus 2010 stops viruses, spyware, bots and more. Proactive protection automatically removes threats and stops new attacks before they can do damage.Norton AntiVirus 2010 uses real-time online intelligence to identify and scan only files at risk. So you can spend more time using your PC and less time waiting for scans.
D8904415	Norton AntiVirus 2010 delivers clear performance and threat explanations. Download Insight, File Insight, and Threat Insight give you greater insight into downloaded applications and files by telling you where they came from and how they impact your PC's resources and performance.Norton AntiVirus 2010 stops viruses, spyware, bots and more. Proactive protection automatically removes threats and stops new attacks before they can do damage.Norton AntiVirus 2010 uses real-time online intelligence to identify and scan only files at risk. So you can spend more time using your PC and less time waiting for scans.
D8904435	Internal BD-ROM/DVD rewriterWorld's fastest BD-R read speed of 8x
D8904969	Marketing description is not available.
D8904970	Marketing description is not available.
D8911688	The NETGEAR RangeMax Dual Band Wireless-N Gigabit Router delivers the ultimate in wireless performance for home and small business networking. With twice the available bandwidth, separate Wireless-N access points for media/gaming and data, and concurrent dual band N, you will enjoy the most reliable wireless connections for HD media streaming, gaming, and maximum Internet bandwidth. Along with four gigabit Ethernet ports enabling maximum wired speeds, this full featured high performance router is an ideal solution for the connected home with multiple computers and network enabled gadgets running multiple applications at the same time.Centralizing an external storage device and file sharing is easy. Simply connect your USB storage device to the back port of your Dual Band router, and every computer on your network can now access the USB Storage device, easily exchanging media, documents, music, and more. The dual band gigabit router prioritizes network traffic efficiently, ensuring high quality of experience for video streaming, VoIP, online gaming and other critical tasks.
D8913387	STARAY has all features made up a modern case such as a tool-free design, rear liquid cooling holes, HD Audio Azalia AC97 support, front 2x USB, motherboard stand-off screws, micro dust filters in front, and a PSU support truss.Four fan slots (1 in front and rear, two on the side) plus a fully meshed front allow maximum cooling and better airflow.STARAY has integrated a front control button that turns its LEDs not only on and off, but showcase a 3-LED beam spin with a lighthouse effect.
D8913389	STARAY has all features made up a modern case such as a tool-free design, rear liquid cooling holes, HD Audio Azalia AC97 support, front 2x USB, motherboard stand-off screws, micro dust filters in front, and a PSU support truss.Four fan slots (1 in front and rear, two on the side) plus a fully meshed front allow maximum cooling and better airflow.STARAY has integrated a front control button that turns its LEDs not only on and off, but showcase a 3-LED beam spin with a lighthouse effect.
D8913390	Patented circular type LED up to 4 times brighter than any otherShining sputtering finish with the glossy mirror-like surfaceTwister bearing technology with long lifetime and low noiseDetachable fan blades for easy cleaningLED on/off functionIsolator-mounts for shockproof and easy installation
D8913391	Patented circular type LED up to 4 times brighter than any otherShining sputtering finish with the glossy mirror-like surfaceTwister bearing technology with long lifetime and low noiseDetachable fan blades for easy cleaningLED on/off functionIsolator-mounts for shockproof and easy installation
D8913392	Patented circular type LED up to 4 times brighter than any otherShining sputtering finish with the glossy mirror-like surfaceTwister bearing technology with long lifetime and low noiseDetachable fan blades for easy cleaningLED on/off functionIsolator-mounts for shockproof and easy installation
D8913393	Patented circular type LED up to 4 times brighter than any otherShining sputtering finish with the glossy mirror-like surfaceTwister bearing technology with long lifetime and low noiseDetachable fan blades for easy cleaningLED on/off functionIsolator-mounts for shockproof and easy installation
D8913394	Patented circular type LED up to 4 times brighter than any otherShining sputtering finish with the glossy mirror-like surfaceTwister bearing technology with long lifetime and low noiseDetachable fan blades for easy cleaningLED on/off functionIsolator-mounts for shockproof and easy installation
D8913395	Patented circular type LED up to 4 times brighter than any otherShining sputtering finish with the glossy mirror-like surfaceTwister bearing technology with long lifetime and low noiseDetachable fan blades for easy cleaningLED on/off functionIsolator-mounts for shockproof and easy installation
D8917986	Native HDMI portSolid polymer aluminum capacitors greatly extends lifespanEMI shield to reduce EMI interferencePCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportATI Radeon HD 4670 graphicsFull Microsoft DirectX 10.1 supportHDCP compliantATI CrossFireX technology
D8917989	To fully unleash the AM3 CPU's potential, the ASUS M4 series motherboards have adopted an 8-phase VRM power design. It delivers high power efficiency and supreme overclocking ability. Furthermore, high quality power components can effectively lower system temperature to ensure longer component lifespan. This series also features an extra 1 phase power dedicated to integrated memory/HT controller.The motherboard supports hard drives based on the Serial ATA (SATA) 3Gb/s storage specification, delivering enhanced scalability and doubling the bus bandwidth for high-speed data retrieval and saves. The external SATA port located at the back I/O provides smart setup and hot-plug functions. Easily backup photos, videos and other entertainment contents on external devices.
D8918048	Saving power under variable loadingPower usage more efficiencyFaster and flexible and instantIf BIOS crash, it still can boot from USB driveUpdate BIOS from USB drive by M-Flash functionLonger lifespan than electrolytic capacitorsEndurable to operation under higher frequency & temperatureAvoid exploding capacitors to cause mainboards failureHelp end-users upgrade CPU FSB directlySkip the complicated BIOS OC setting and enjoy the higher level CPU performanceThe loss-less content protection technology with full-rate audio enjoyment from Blue-ray DiscSupport for 24-bit/192 KHz sample rate offers high quality digital decoders and speakers
D8918053	Along with the P45 chipset, the MSI P45-C51 mainboards are equipped with USB safeguard, MSI's exclusive APS (Active Phase Switching) power saving technology, Easy OC Switch to overclock system performance, M-Flash, and all solid capacitors. These MSI exclusive features make both mainboards become the best choice on the market for the Intel LGA 775 platform.
D8918054	Saving power under variable loadingPower usage more efficiencyFaster and flexible and instantUpdate BIOS from USB drive by M-Flash functionLonger lifespan than electrolytic capacitorsEndurable to operate under higher frequency and temperatureProvide stable power for CPUHelp end-users upgrade CPU FSB directlyBuy an essential CPU but want to reach higher performanceSkip the complicated BIOS OC setting and enjoy the higher level CPU performanceSupports 1080 Full-HD multimedia playbackA perfect connection to HD visual effectsBetter casual gaming experience with DirectX 10 supportThe loss-less content protection technology with full-rate audio enjoyment from Blue-ray DiscSupport for 24-bit/192kHz sample rate offers high quality digital decoders and speakersSupport 7.1 channels playback, plus 2 channels of independent stereo sound output (multiple streaming) through the front panel stereo outputsFunctions designed with button to be easy useHelp power-users tweaking process in-chassis environmentOnboard SATA ports are stacked on the mainboard to avoid mechanical issue with giant graphic cards like 8800 UltraAMD Cool'n'Quiet technology that based on famous PowerNow technology just brings fresh air to hot-fighting desktop platform
D8918055	Active Phase Switching is complete function to control power demand with switching dynamicallySaving power under variable loadingPower usage more efficiencyFaster and flexible and instantUpdate BIOS from USB drive by M-Flash functionLonger lifespan than electrolytic capacitorsEndurable to operate under higher frequency and temperatureProvide stable power for CPUHelp end-users upgrade CPU FSB directlyBuy an essential CPU but want to reach higher performanceSkip the complicated BIOS OC setting and enjoy the higher level CPU performanceSupports 1080 Full-HD multimedia playbackA perfect connection to HD visual effectsBetter casual gaming experience with DirectX 10 supportFunctions designed with button to be easy useHelp power-users tweaking process in-chassis environmentOnboard SATA ports are stacked on the main board to avoid mechanical issue with giant graphic cards like 8800 UltraAMD Cool'n'Quiet technology that based on famous PowerNow technology just brings fresh air to hot-fighting desktop platform
D8918062	Marketing description is not available.
D8918343	From takeoff to landing, flying with Logitech Flight System G940 makes every aircraft behave and feel like the real thing. Feel wind on your wings. Control engines together or independently. And master tricky maneuvers.Every piece of Logitech Flight System G940 is carefully crafted with realism in mind. Logitech looked to military and commercial planes and helicopters for inspiration. You get an experience that's more realistic and more fun, with important controls that look, feel, and work just like the real thing.
D8918735	Marketing description is not available.
D8918737	Marketing description is not available.
D8919345	Based on the Intel P43 chipset and supporting the latest 1600MHz (via over clocking) FSB Intel Core 2 Quad, Core 2 Duo and 45nm processors, the P43AL allows you to build powerful PCs on a budget. Supporting up to 16GB of Dual Channel DDR2 memory at 1066MHz (via over clocking) and including FoxOne - Foxconn's proprietary system control and monitoring solution - the P43AL delivers performance and affordability in one package.
D8923296	This motherboard features ground-breaking design innovations and offers the best in performance and reliability; it delivers exceptional overall system compatibility and enhanced reliability by proficiently managing and reliably controlling core processes operating in the PC.
D8923298	This motherboard supports the latest Intel Core 2 processors in LGA775 package. It also can support Intel 45nm multi-core CPU. With Intel Core microarchitecture technology and 1600 / 1333 / 1066 / 800 MHz FSB, Intel Core 2 processor is one of the most powerful and energy efficient CPU in the world.
D8923302	This motherboard supports the latest Intel Core 2 processors in LGA775 package. It also can support Intel next generation 45nm Multi-Core CPU. With Intel Core microarchitecture technology and 1333 / 1066 / 800 MHz FSB, Intel Core 2 processor is one of the most powerful and energy efficient CPUs in the world.
D8923305	Personalize a slim and fancy HTPCFirst low power consumption HTPCLuxuriate in high quality HTPC
D8923309	Native HDMI portSolid polymer aluminum capacitors greatly extends lifespanEMI shield to reduce EMI interferencePCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportATI Radeon HD 4670 graphicsFull Microsoft DirectX 10.1 supportHDCP compliantATI CrossFireX technology
D8923311	Ultimate armamentsHDMI supportedASUS Gamer OSDASUS Smart DoctorNVIDIA GeForce GTX260PCI Express & PCI Express 2.0 supportMicrosoft DirectX 10 and Shader Model 4.0 supportOpenGL 2.1 supportHDCP compliantNVIDIA PureVideo HD technologyNVIDIA Quantum technology
D8923313	Exclusive Glaciator FansinkUltimate armaments1GB GDDR3 for incredible gaming performanceHDMI supportedASUS gamer OSDASUS smart doctorPCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportMicrosoft DirectX 10 and Shader Model 4.0 supportOpenGL2.1 supportHDCP compliantNVIDIA PureVideo HD technologyNVIDIA Quantum technology
D8923317	Native HDMI supportLess power consumption - 40% energy savingUltimate armament for best component selectionsPCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportASUS splendidASUS gamer OSDASUS smart doctorPowered by NVIDIA GeForce 9600GTFull Microsoft DirectX 10 supportHDCP compliantDual-link DVI supportNVIDIA PhysX readyNVIDIA CUDA technologyNVIDIA PureVideo HD technology
D8923321	Absolutely quiet thermal designEfficient cooling fanHDCP compliantASUS splendidASUS gamer OSDASUS smart doctorOpenGL 2.0 supportNVIDIAPureVideoHD technologyNVIDIA Quantum technology
D8923323	PRODUCT FEATURES:Absolutely quiet heatsink makes 0 db noiseASUS splendidASUS gamer OSDASUS smart doctorASUS video security onlineNVIDIA GeForce 6200LETurboCache technology supportNVIDIA PureVideoNVIDIA nVIEW multi-display technologyMicrosoft DirectX 9.0 shader model 3.0 supportOpenGL 1.5 support
D8924552	NETGEAR's ProSafe 802.11g Wireless Access Point WG102 delivers the secure, reliable, high performance wireless local area networks (WLANs) today's mobile workforce demands.This powerful device provides the industry standard access to corporate network resources, email and the Internet. Fully compatible with IEEE 802.11g, (2.4 GHz), it can also be set for dynamic 108 Mbps 802.11g. With its robust security measures, simplified management and configuration, SNMP support, integrated IEEE 802.3af power over Ethernet (PoE), and Wi-Fi certification, the WG102 brings standards-based enterprise-level functionality at a mid-market price.Complies with industry security standards for wireless data encryption, and user authorization. 802.11i ready, WPA provides enhanced, interoperable wireless networking security. WPA and 802.1x support enables strong mutual authentication to ensure that only legitimate clients associate with corporate RADIUS servers. Supports MAC address authentication with 256-user Access Control List (ACL) and VPN pass-through.Integrated IEEE 802.3af-based Power over Ethernet (PoE) support eliminates extra cables and the need to locate near a power outlet, as the access point is powered over the Ethernet cable. Supports Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) MIB I, MIB II, and 802.11 MIB using SNMP-based network management software, such as NETGEAR ProSafe Network Management System NMS100. Supports all popular 802.1x port-based authentication protocols, including Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP) Transport Layer Security (TLS), Protected EAP (PEAP), and Tunneled TLS (TTLS).IEEE 802.11g wireless standard - with optional speeds up to 108 Mbps - takes care of business communications with great dispatch and skill. Delivers functionality for point-to-point and point-to-multi-point bridging and repeater modes. High performance wireless features combine with a typical -75 dBm receive sensitivity (Rx) at 54 Mbps, 19 dBm transmit power (Tx) and a high gain 5 dBi omni-directional antenna for optimal range and throughput.
D8924558	Open-source Wireless-N router with Gigabit wired ports for Linux developers and open-source expertsHigh Performance 533 MHz MIPS CPU, 8 MB flash and 32 MB RAM to run even business class applicationsUSB 2.0 host port for USB networked storage and for developing other applications
D8924643	Tear through the latest games with seamless frame rates and go beyond HD1 with the power of the ATI Radeon HD 4890 graphics processing unit (GPU). Building on the strength of the ATI Radeon 4800 series award-winning architecture, this GPU stands out from the rest with massive graphics processing muscle. Take ultimate control over your game and crank it up with scalable performance. Go ahead, max out the settings and put the ATI Radeon HD 4890 through its paces.
D8924645	Loaded with the latest features, the ATI Radeon HD 4600 series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units and support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity or take your experience to another level with new multimedia capabilities. Do it all with break-through energy efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8924646	Loaded with the latest features, the ATI Radeon HD 4600 series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units and support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity or take your experience to another level with new multimedia capabilities. Do it all with break-through energy efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8924647	Loaded with the features, the ATI Radeon HD 4600 Series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units, support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity or take your experience to another level with multimedia capabilities. Do it all with break-through energy efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D8924648	Play the Vista way! Ignite your imagination with the technology that makes distant worlds erupt with vibrant textures rendered in High-Definition clarity a reality. The Sapphire HD3450 is Microsoft VISTA compatible with awesome power of 40 stream processing units, accelerates next generation DirectX 10 games while remaining best in its price vs. performance class. Support for the latest Shader Model 4 boost the level of realism provided by the HD3450 to new heights and the available on board memory of 256MB or 512MB of DDR/GDDR ensures a smooth frame rate in all of today's hot titles and applications. Enhance the way you play not the amount you pay.
D8926461	ASUS EAH4650/DI/1GD2 (LP) enables you to watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity!
D8926465	ASUS EAH4650/DI/512MD2(LP) enables you to watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity!
D8926745	Marketing description is not available.
D8926746	Marketing description is not available.
D8926747	Marketing description is not available.
D8926749	Marketing description is not available.
D8926750	Elegant and glamorous - a star among keyboards. Thanks to its impressive black glossy finish, the INFINITY from Cherry sets new standards among keyboards. It also features 11 hotkeys and the characteristic great keystroke feel with whisper keystroke.
D8926751	The STRAIT keyboard, designed to perfection. The premium keyboard from Cherry distinguishes itself with its pure elegance and impressive visual appearance - its chrome finish, ultra-flat design and highest-quality workmanship make it unique and truly eye-catching.
D8927307	The unveiling of its line of ultrathin notebooks is a milestone both technologically and aesthetically. This innovatively-thin laptop has completely revolutionized the idea of a portable computer; its sleek yet simplistic lines fit seamlessly into its polished exterior, raising the bar for thin-notebook design a step higher.The design of the X600 strives to be literally, as light as a feather, and, as thin as one too. It's near weightlessness and ultra thin exterior has fused graceful design and trendsetting style. It is undoubtedly the world's lightest and thinnest 15.6-inch laptop. The X600, although thin, has not compromised its technology in the slightest; it is precision design, down to the last detail.The 16:9 theater ratio can provide bigger visual area. When watching movies, the black bars on the top and bottom of the 16:10 aspect ratio screen can also be avoided. This is perfect for playing HD videos at any possible angle, absolutely ideal for visual enjoyment.The X600 is embedded with LED power-saving backlight technology to provide better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.MSI exclusive VIVID technology is able to display signals that allow for richer colors, making the X600 has one of the most stunningly dramatic screens on the market, bringing even the smallest details to life. Regardless of whether you're gaming, editing images, or simply watching movies, your experience will be incredibly realistic.The X600 supports the next generation eSATA port with a transfer speed of 3GB/s and with it, greater efficiency. eSATA delivers enhanced scalability and doubling the bus bandwidth for high-speed data retrieval and saves. It allows easy sharing and transfer of entertainment content and digital media on external devices.
D8927310	MSI C series, your stylish companion, is perfect for everybody and everyday computing. With MSI C series, you can enjoy every single moment of you own or with friends. MSI classic series is the ideal notebook for everyone!Abandoning the stereotype of thick-and-heavy traditional notebook, MSI classic series offers thinner and lighter solution for more convenient usage; furthermore, it is also easier for you to take it on the move. The exclusive sparkling chassis of C series uses unique bright-light sensitive elements that give this series a rich sense of depth under different light sources. Besides, MSI Color Film Print technology enables more brilliant in color and nicer texture in touch.CX700 series embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.
D8927311	Abandoning the stereotype of thick-and-heavy traditional notebook, MSI Classic Series offers thinner and lighter solution for more convenient usage; furthermore, it is also easier for you to take it on the move.The exclusive sparkling chassis of C series uses unique bright-light sensitive elements that give this series a rich sense of depth under different light sources. Besides, MSI Color Film Print technology enables more brilliant in color and nicer texture in touch.The borders at the top and bottom get in your way when watching? The C series uses 16:9 widescreen displays so you can immerse yourself in the movie experience!
D8927312	The unveiling of its line of ultrathin notebooks is a milestone both technologically and aesthetically. This innovatively-thin laptop has completely revolutionized the idea of a portable computer; its sleek yet simplistic lines fit seamlessly into its polished exterior, raising the bar for thin-notebook design a step higher.The design of the X600 strives to be literally, as light as a feather, and, as thin as one too. It's near weightlessness and ultra thin exterior has fused graceful design and trendsetting style. It is undoubtedly the world's lightest and thinnest 15.6-inch laptop. The X600, although thin, has not compromised its technology in the slightest; it is precision design, down to the last detail.The 16:9 theater ratio can provide bigger visual area. When watching movies, the black bars on the top and bottom of the 16:10 aspect ratio screen can also be avoided. This is perfect for playing HD videos at any possible angle, absolutely ideal for visual enjoyment.The X600 is embedded with LED power-saving backlight technology to provide better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.MSI exclusive VIVID technology is able to display signals that allow for richer colors, making the X600 has one of the most stunningly dramatic screens on the market, bringing even the smallest details to life. Regardless of whether you're gaming, editing images, or simply watching movies, your experience will be incredibly realistic.The X600 supports the next generation eSATA port with a transfer speed of 3GB/s and with it, greater efficiency. eSATA delivers enhanced scalability and doubling the bus bandwidth for high-speed data retrieval and saves. It allows easy sharing and transfer of entertainment content and digital media on external devices.
D8927313	The unveiling of its line of ultrathin notebooks is a milestone both technologically and aesthetically. This innovatively-thin laptop has completely revolutionized the idea of a portable computer; its sleek yet simplistic lines fit seamlessly into its polished exterior, raising the bar for thin-notebook design a step higher.The design of the X600 strives to be literally, as light as a feather, and, as thin as one too. It's near weightlessness and ultra thin exterior has fused graceful design and trendsetting style. It is undoubtedly the world's lightest and thinnest 15.6-inch laptop. The X600, although thin, has not compromised its technology in the slightest; it is precision design, down to the last detail.The 16:9 theater ratio can provide bigger visual area. When watching movies, the black bars on the top and bottom of the 16:10 aspect ratio screen can also be avoided. This is perfect for playing HD videos at any possible angle, absolutely ideal for visual enjoyment.The X600 is embedded with LED power-saving backlight technology to provide better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.MSI exclusive VIVID technology is able to display signals that allow for richer colors, making the X600 has one of the most stunningly dramatic screens on the market, bringing even the smallest details to life. Regardless of whether you're gaming, editing images, or simply watching movies, your experience will be incredibly realistic.The X600 supports the next generation eSATA port with a transfer speed of 3GB/s and with it, greater efficiency. eSATA delivers enhanced scalability and doubling the bus bandwidth for high-speed data retrieval and saves. It allows easy sharing and transfer of entertainment content and digital media on external devices.
D8927314	The unveiling of its line of ultrathin notebooks is a milestone both technologically and aesthetically. This innovativly-thin laptop has completely revolutionized the idea of a portable computer; its sleek yet simplistic lines fit seamlessly into its polished exterior, raising the bar for thin-notebook design a step higher.The design of the X600 strives to be literally, as light as a feather, and, as thin as one too. It's near weightlessness and ultra thin exterior has fused graceful design and trendsetting style. It is undoubtedly the world's lightest and thinnest 15.6-inch laptop. The X600, although thin, has not compromised its technology in the slightest; it is precision design, down to the last detail.The 16:9 theater ratio can provide bigger visual area. When watching movies, the black bars on the top and bottom of the 16:10 aspect ratio screen can also be avoided. This is perfect for playing HD videos at any possible angle, absolutely ideal for visual enjoyment.The X600 is embedded with LED power-saving backlight technology to provide better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.MSI exclusive VIVID technology is able to display signals that allow for richer colors, making the X600 has one of the most stunningly dramatic screens on the market, bringing even the smallest details to life. Regardless of whether you're gaming, editing images, or simply watching movies, your experience will be incredibly realistic.The X600 supports the next generation eSATA port with a transfer speed of 3GB/s and with it, greater efficiency. eSATA delivers enhanced scalability and doubling the bus bandwidth for high-speed data retrieval and saves. It allows easy sharing and transfer of entertainment content and digital media on external devices.
D8927315	The U100 has selected a 10.2" wide LCD display as oppose to the typical smaller sizes to provide better comfort while viewing or reading. In addition, the 1024 x 600 resolution can relief concerns of the full display of web pages while browsing, giving you the freedom when exploring the Internet.The U100 is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.The U100 is equipped with the capability of magnifying text within software, so you may magnify any of the words displayed on the monitor freely, making it easier when you are viewing photos, editing or reading documents.MSI has the same persistence for proper ergonomically design even on the keyboards of MSI's smaller notebook computers. The keyboard of the U100 not only has great texture, it also increased the space between the keys to 17.5mm, allowing you to be as comfortable as you can. Plus, ingeniously designed spacebar and touch pad, so your fingers can move smoothly while avoiding strain.Unlike its other competitors that have compromised the memory capacity to decrease in size, the U100 is equipped with the 2.5 inch standard hard drive. It can operate just as any other notebook computers; without the worries of not having enough memory capacity to record the greatest moments in life.Intel Atom processor uses an advanced design structure as basis adding in as much as 47 million transistors into one single chip, and the size is not even 25 (mm)². This is smallest and uses the least energy. Intel processors thus far. Not only so, this processor has more than enough mobility and outstanding functions so MSI's users can to have complete access to the resourceful Internet. Always staying connected to the variety and options of entertainment.Equipped with high resolution webcam, high-performance stereo speakers, and microphone, all fitted perfectly within the framework design, expressing the slickness of technology and the elegance of modern fashion. Web-chats can be broadcasted instantly not missing one exciting moment. The photos taken is very sharp in resolution and brilliant in colors, capturing precise imagery both indoor or out, adding more fun to instant messaging.The U100 has the 802.11b/g/n wireless all region Internet connection, so you can enjoy the convenience of accessing the Internet at home or out. There will be absolutely no obstacles getting around your daily life.U100 offers a complete entertainment interface, which includes the 3 in 1 card reader, so it may meet the standards of the mainstream memory cards, making it easy to upload digital files into the notebook computer. MSI's focus was on the common products in the market, such as PDA's, digital cameras, digital video cameras, digital MP3 players, global GPS systems and such, also connecting to the U100 through USB 2.0 port.The last battery life can escalate the mobility and the productiveness of the U100, which can also make your daily lives much more convenient.
D8927316	MSI U123 has selected a 10.2" wide LCD display as oppose to the typical smaller sizes to provide better comfort while viewing or reading. In addition, the 1024 x 600 resolution can relief concerns of the full display of web pages while browsing, giving you the freedom when exploring the Internet.U123 is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness to elevate the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time. MSI has the same persistence on proper ergonomically design even on the keyboards of MSI smaller notebook computers. The keyboard of U123 not only has great texture, it also increases the space between the keys, allowing you to be as comfortable as you can. Furthermore, with the ingeniously designed spacebar and touchpad, your fingers can move smoothly to avoid strain.
D8927317	MSI U123 has selected a 10.2" wide LCD display as oppose to the typical smaller sizes to provide better comfort while viewing or reading. In addition, the 1024 x 600 resolution can relief concerns of the full display of web pages while browsing, giving you the freedom when exploring the Internet.U123 is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness to elevate the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time. MSI has the same persistence on proper ergonomically design even on the keyboards of MSI smaller notebook computers. The keyboard of U123 not only has great texture, it also increases the space between the keys, allowing you to be as comfortable as you can. Furthermore, with the ingeniously designed spacebar and touchpad, your fingers can move smoothly to avoid strain.
D8927318	The MSI Wind12 U200 series features 12.1" 16:9 display. The glittering crystal-like frameless screen offers a premium look and feel. Frameless design also makes the Wind12 U200 more durable, dust and scratch resistant than the traditional frame exterior.The sleek and exquisite design gives Wind12 U200 series an elegant presence. Each curve is accentuated with a smooth contour making its polished exterior a delicate feast for the eyes. The exclusive "Color Film Print Technology" from MSI applies to the cover as well as the palm rest area, so the glossy texture promises better quality and both visual and tactile sensation.The Wind12 U200 series is capable of displaying high-quality pictures and videos with 1366 x 768 screen resolution. The images on this 12.1" widescreen offer great color saturation and subtlety and sharper details so you can indulge yourself while watching your favorite films.
D8927319	The MSI Wind12 U200 series features 12.1" 16:9 display. The glittering crystal-like frameless screen offers a premium look and feel. Frameless design also makes the Wind12 U200 more durable, dust and scratch resistant than the traditional frame exterior.The sleek and exquisite design gives Wind12 U200 series an elegant presence. Each curve is accentuated with a smooth contour making its polished exterior a delicate feast for the eyes. The exclusive "Color Film Print Technology" from MSI applies to the cover as well as the palm rest area, so the glossy texture promises better quality and both visual and tactile sensation.The Wind12 U200 series is capable of displaying high-quality pictures and videos with 1366 x 768 screen resolution. The images on this 12.1" widescreen offer great color saturation and subtlety and sharper details so you can indulge yourself while watching your favorite films.
D8927320	Abandoning the stereotype of thick-and-heavy traditional notebook, MSI Classic series offers thinner and lighter solution for more convenient usage; furthermore, it is also easier for you to take it on the move.The exclusive sparkling chassis of C series uses unique bright-light sensitive elements that give this series a rich sense of depth under different light sources. Besides, MSI Color Film Print technology enables more brilliant in color and nicer texture in touch.The borders at the top and bottom get in your way when watching? The C series uses 16:9 widescreen displays so you can immerse yourself in the movie experience!
D8927321	MSI C series, your stylish companion, is perfect for everybody and everyday computing. With MSI C series, you can enjoy every single moment of you own or with friends. MSI classic series is the ideal notebook for everyone!Abandoning the stereotype of thick-and-heavy traditional notebook, MSI classic series offers thinner and lighter solution for more convenient usage; furthermore, it is also easier for you to take it on the move. The exclusive sparkling chassis of C series uses unique bright-light sensitive elements that give this series a rich sense of depth under different light sources. Besides, MSI Color Film Print technology enables more brilliant in color and nicer texture in touch.CX700 series embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.
D8927322	With MSI exclusive Turbo Drive Engine technology, while the GT628 series is in AC mode, just by touching the turbo button above the keyboard, you can simultaneously increase the speed of CPU, also the computer may run smoother and to the best of its abilities.The outer body is once again surrounded with the ingenious flame design as an extension of the previous G-series' unique element, symbolizing the essence of speed, marking the total presence of the G-series. Furthermore, the GT628 series has selected aluminum as the base for the exterior, and adding the metallic threads for design on the cover, giving it an outstanding sense of fashion. The high quality feel of the body added with the flames as the concept of speed, the GT628 series is a must-have accessory for the modern stylish games obsessed with speed, a totally experience in gaming.The GT628 series has applied the aerodynamic touchpad design, using a simple black mirror plate as base and red linings to accentuate the slickness of the faceplate. There are no added accessories, and under the icy colors evolve a sense of elegance and professionalism. It creates a sharp contrast to the red outer body, adding even more individualism to the GT628 series.
D8927323	With MSI exclusive Turbo Drive Engine technology, while the GT628 series is in AC mode, just by touching the turbo button above the keyboard, you can simultaneously increase the speed of CPU, also the computer may run smoother and to the best of its abilities.The outer body is once again surrounded with the ingenious flame design as an extension of the previous G-series' unique element, symbolizing the essence of speed, marking the total presence of the G-series. Furthermore, the GT628 series has selected aluminum as the base for the exterior, and adding the metallic threads for design on the cover, giving it an outstanding sense of fashion. The high quality feel of the body added with the flames as the concept of speed, the GT628 series is a must-have accessory for the modern stylish games obsessed with speed, a totally new experience in gaming.The GT628 series has applied the aerodynamic touchpad design, using a simple black mirror plate as base and red linings to accentuate the slickness of the faceplate. There are no added accessories, and under the icy colors evolve a sense of elegance and professionalism. It creates a sharp contrast to the red outer body, adding even more individualism to the GT628 series.
D8927324	With MSI exclusive Turbo Drive Engine technology, while the GT628 series is in AC mode, just by touching the turbo button above the keyboard, you can simultaneously increase the speed of CPU, also the computer may run smoother and to the best of its abilities.The outer body is once again surrounded with the ingenious flame design as an extension of the previous G-series' unique element, symbolizing the essence of speed, marking the total presence of the G-series. Furthermore, the GT628 series has selected aluminum as the base for the exterior, and adding the metallic threads for design on the cover, giving it an outstanding sense of fashion. The high quality feel of the body added with the flames as the concept of speed, the GT628 series is a must-have accessory for the modern stylish games obsessed with speed, a totally experience in gaming.The GT628 series has applied the aerodynamic touchpad design, using a simple black mirror plate as base and red linings to accentuate the slickness of the faceplate. There are no added accessories, and under the icy colors evolve a sense of elegance and professionalism. It creates a sharp contrast to the red outer body, adding even more individualism to the GT628 series.
D8927325	With MSI exclusive Turbo Drive Engine technology, while the GT729 is in AC mode, just by touching on the turbo button above the keyboard, you can simultaneously increase the speed of your CPU, also the computer will run smoother and to the best of its abilities.The outer body is once again surrounded with the ingenious flame design as an extension of the previous G-series' unique element, symbolizing the essence of speed, marking the total presence of the G-series. Furthermore, the GT729 has selected aluminum as the base for the exterior, and adding the metallic threads for design on the cover, giving it an outstanding sense of fashion. The high quality feel of the body added with the flames as the concept of speed, the GT729 is a must-have accessory for the modern stylish games obsessed with speed, a totally new experience in gaming.
D8927329	With MSI exclusive Turbo Drive Engine technology, while the GT729 is in AC mode, just by touching on the turbo button above the keyboard, you can simultaneously increase the speed of your CPU, also the computer will run smoother and to the best of its abilities.The outer body is once again surrounded with the ingenious flame design as an extension of the previous G-series' unique element, symbolizing the essence of speed, marking the total presence of the G-series. Furthermore, the GT729 has selected aluminum as the base for the exterior, and adding the metallic threads for design on the cover, giving it an outstanding sense of fashion. The high quality feel of the body added with the flames as the concept of speed, the GT729 is a must-have accessory for the modern stylish games obsessed with speed, a totally new experience in gaming.
D8927333	The GX623 selects the ECO engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function by MSI notebook, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks. Touch the ECO quick launch touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo battery mode while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, dealing with office documentation tasks, or looking forward to minimizing the battery power consumption. All you have to do is to press lightly on the "ECO OFF" to return to the original setting.The outer body is once again surrounded with the ingenious flame design as an extension of the previous G-series' unique element, symbolizing the essence of speed, marking the total presence of the G-series. Furthermore, the GX623 has selected aluminum as the base for MSI's exterior, and adding the metallic threads for design on the cover, giving it an outstanding sense of fashion. The high quality feel of the body added with the flames as the concept of speed, the GX623 is a must-have accessory for the modern stylish games obsessed with speed, a totally new experience in gaming.The GX623 has applied the aerodynamic touchpad design, using a simple black mirror plate as base and red linings to accentuate the slickness of the faceplate. There are no added accessories, and under the icy colors evolve a sense of elegance and professionalism.
D8927338	The GX623 selects the ECO Engine, the outstanding and unique power saving function by MSI Notebook, as the power management function to extend the battery running time while performing different tasks. Touch the ECO quick launch touch sensor repeatedly to switch among the 5 different modes - gaming mode, movie mode, presentation mode, office mode, and turbo drive mode while performing game applications, playing multimedia applications, performing presentation applications, dealing with office documentation tasks, or looking forward to minimizing the battery power consumption.GX623 provides with the enormous 15.4" LCD monitor for your viewing pleasure, and achieves the ultimate realism experience whether you are playing games or watching a DVD. Equipped with the best ATI graphic card and exclusive MSI vivid image enhancement technology, GX623 can create the most astonishingly realistic audio and visual effects.Recognized and approved by the highest standards of Dolby, the GX623 guarantees to enable the enthusiasts to experience the thrill and excitement of movies, music, games, and TV in stunning surround sound.
D8928692	ASRock ION 330 comes with the latest Atom + NVIDIA ION graphics processor. It satisfies you with the high quality audio and visual environment.Energy Star is an international standard for energy efficient consumer products. Devices carrying the Energy Star logo save 20%-30% on average. ASRock NetTop series fully support Energy Star 5.0.ASRock has overcome the technical obstacles and exclusively invented a technology that allows you to turn on your PC in just a blink of an eye! Not only it saves energy, money, it also helps system running speed.ASRock OC tuner is a user-friendly ASRock overclocking tool which allows you to guard your system by hardware monitor function and overclock your hardware devices to get the best system performance.ASRock ION 330 comes with dual-channel memory, which is 2 times faster than the single channel memory. Comparing with other NetTop which supports only single channel memory, ASRock ION 330 with dual channel memory design can truly deliver the performance of Atom 330 dual-core CPU.
D8928785	Marketing description is not available.
D8928786	Marketing description is not available.
D8928787	Marketing description is not available.
D8928788	Marketing description is not available.
D8928789	Marketing description is not available.
D8928791	Marketing description is not available.
D8928988	This card is designed to maximize the latest DirectX 10.1 games - like the amazingly optimized "Hawx," with extreme HD resolutions, high-performance anisotropic filtering and 24x customer filter anti-aliasing. So what does this mean for you? The most realistic dogfights ever. Unprecedented gaming. And an unparalleled Blu-ray movie experience complete with full 1080p display resolution.Whether you're a power lover, a speed demon, or want an immersive entertainment experience, the XFX Radeon HD 4890 is positively lethal. And absolutely hits the target.
D8928990	This card is designed to maximize the latest DirectX 10.1 games - like the amazingly optimized "Hawx," with extreme HD resolutions, high-performance anisotropic filtering and 24x customer filter anti-aliasing. So what does this mean for you? The most realistic dogfights ever. Unprecedented gaming. And an unparalleled Blu-ray movie experience complete with full 1080p display resolution.Whether you're a power lover, a speed demon, or want an immersive entertainment experience, the XFX Radeon HD 4890 is positively lethal. And absolutely hits the target.
D8929045	The proven Medusa headset in a completely revised Medusa NX gaming version - as a stereo headset with jack plugs. The design combines the highest aesthetics with many hours of uninterrupted comfort. It is perfect for computer games, Hi-Fi systems and any type of speech input.
D8929046	Find yourself immersed right in the center of the action with this 5.1 surround sound USB headset: hear a door closing behind you to your left or listen to the footsteps of your opponent who's in front of you. With its integrated 5.1 soundcard, packaged in a stylish design, the Medusa NX USB headset offers a unique sound experience for your PC: you'll be able to use speakers and the headset at the same time without a problem. The comfortable ear cups completely envelop the ears and ensure the headset sits perfectly on the head. Thanks to the flexible headband and padded ear cups, the Medusa NX 5.1 Gaming Headset always remains comfortable on the head even after many hours.
D8929497	Replacing your hard disk drive with the Corsair P64 SSD will revolutionize your computing experience. Games launch quicker, your computer starts faster, multiple applications run much smoother, all while running cool and silent.Corsair's P64 SSD is the optimum SSD for your mobile or desktop computing needs. Its 220MB/s read speed and 120MB/s write speed provide outstanding performance, while the ultra-large 64GB drive capacity provides ample storage for lots of applications, music, pictures and video. Proven Samsung technology guarantees out of the box performance and stability without the need to adjust complex system-level settings or update firmware.The speed, capacity, and compatibility of the P64 are supported by the inherent reliability of solid state technology, resulting in a truly optimum solution for your mass storage requirements.
D8929498	Nearly 75% smaller than a typical portable USB hard disk drive, the Flash Voyager GT 128 is the most convenient way to transport huge amounts of data, including high-resolution photos and artwork, HD video footage, massive databases, or even entire music collections. And with its blazing read speed and write speed, it rivals the fastest portable hard drives, as well.The Flash Voyager GT 128 outperforms other high capacity USB flash drives by a wide margin, delivering 2.5 times the sequential write speed and a stunning 37 times the random write performance! Its ruggedized rubber housing is designed to provide durability and enhanced protection for your valuable data.Never before has so much performance and storage been packed in to such a convenient form factor. The Flash Voyager GT 128 needs no special drivers, no external power, and no cables, making it the world's fastest, most convenient high capacity storage solution for anyone who needs high performance, rugged portable storage.
D8929512	Marketing description is not available.
D8929513	Marketing description is not available.
D8930666	Charge your iPhone, iPod or mini USB device anytime. Also works with many popular mobile phones.
D8930667	The Belkin dual rotating charger can be used to charge two devices at the same time. It can charge your iPhone, iPod, and mini-USB device at the same time, anytime. This charger also works with many popular mobile phones.
D8930722	ASUS My Cinema-ES2-750/PT/FM/AV/RC Hybrid TV Card provides an unprecedented high-precision analog and digital TV enjoyment on PC. Incorporated with the ATI Theater HD750 solution, the leading 12-bit ADC, 3D Comb Filter and other intelligent image enhancement technology, helps to deliver top quality visual performance and brings you to the world of live TV. Whether you want to watch digital or analog TV, make scheduled recording, edit and burn the video into DVD/VCDs, or listen to the FM radio, this Hybrid TV Card can satisfy all your need. Moreover, combined with the ASUS exclusive GadgeTV Technology allows you to watch TV and work on PC at the same time without missing any exciting moment. You could easily enjoy the high quality TV and full functional entertainment on your PC - only with ASUS My Cinema-ES2-750/PT/FM/AV/RC Hybrid TV Card.
D8930723	V6-P5G41H is the most economic Intel solution with HDMI. It has HDMI, DVI, D-sub ports and optical S/PDIF-out jack to provide excellent connectivity.It redefines gaming, multimedia and business experience, providing more vivid scene and also delivers exceptional performance with advanced hardware supports.V6-P5G41H supports multiple display ports, HDMI, DVI, and D-sub, to provide rich connecting capability. Also it supports optical S/PDIF-out jack to connect external home theater audio systems.ASUS DriveClone Pro 5 can back-up users' data just in few seconds and recover it in few minutes. DriveClone Pro 5 is an always available recovery tool. It stores user data, applications and the operating system in the host-protected area of the hard drive. Users can easily recover system to any state without restore CDs. No need to worry about losing data due to virus attacks.
D8930724	Marketing description is not available.
D8931012	Marketing description is not available.
D8931253	This metropolitan and minimalistic HF multi function widescreen LCD monitor comes in size of 23" to deliver the next evolution for work and entertainment quality. The 23" models in the HF series are also capable of rendering high resolution images in Full HD 1080p. Hannspree's HF series offers full support for HDMI digital input along with stunning 15000:1 contrast, blazingly fast response and fluid image performance to easily display high definition images and allow the users to experience realistic 3D graphics for gaming. Its slim frames feature exquisite, curved contours to further accentuate the brilliant mirror surface; adding a dash of elegance to the product for any modern designed space. Enthusiastic fans of modern metropolitan styles will embrace this ultimate combination of multimedia and exquisite taste.
D8931693	Marketing description is not available.
D8931694	Marketing description is not available.
D8933523	With a 20x wide-angle zoom, the 12.1-megapixel PowerShot SX20 IS offers intelligent, versatile shooting power. Switch to Smart Auto mode for effortlessly great results, or shoot stunning HD movies.
D8933524	Ideal for family days out, the 10.0-megapixel PowerShot SX120 IS brings distant subjects into view with a 10x image-stabilized lens. Smart Auto and Easy modes allow all the family to take great shots.
D8933525	The thinnest wide-angle IXUS ever, the 12.1 megapixels Digital IXUS 120 IS conceals a 28mm wide-angle lens, a 4x optical zoom with optical IS and a 2.7-inch PureColor LCD II display in a stylish metal body.
D8933526	The thinnest wide-angle IXUS ever, the 12.1 megapixels Digital IXUS 120 IS conceals a 28mm wide-angle lens, a 4x optical zoom with optical IS and a 2.7-inch PureColor LCD II display in a stylish metal body.
D8933527	The thinnest wide-angle IXUS ever, the 12.1 megapixels Digital IXUS 120 IS conceals a 28mm wide-angle lens, a 4x optical zoom with optical IS and a 2.7-inch PureColor LCD II display in a stylish metal body.
D8933528	The thinnest wide-angle IXUS ever, the 12.1 megapixels Digital IXUS 120 IS conceals a 28mm wide-angle lens, a 4x optical zoom with optical IS and a 2.7-inch PureColor LCD II display in a stylish metal body.
D8933529	The Digital IXUS 200 IS' stylish two-tone metal body has a solid sculpted feel that's easy to carry and a pleasure to use. Featuring an ultra wide-angle 24mm lens, 5.0x optical zoom and an intuitive touch screen interface, the 12.1 megapixels Digital IXUS 200 IS combines cutting-edge technology with stylish IXUS design.The easy-to-use touch-screen display enables intuitive control of numerous camera functions. When shooting, Touch AF enables you to track focus on a subject simply by touching the screen, while easily selectable icons allow changes to the shooting mode, flash settings and exposure.
D8933530	The Digital IXUS 200 IS' stylish two-tone metal body has a solid sculpted feel that's easy to carry and a pleasure to use. Featuring an ultra wide-angle 24mm lens, 5.0x optical zoom and an intuitive touch screen interface, the 12.1 megapixels Digital IXUS 200 IS combines cutting-edge technology with stylish IXUS design.The easy-to-use touch-screen display enables intuitive control of numerous camera functions. When shooting, Touch AF enables you to track focus on a subject simply by touching the screen, while easily selectable icons allow changes to the shooting mode, flash settings and exposure.
D8933531	The Digital IXUS 200 IS' stylish two-tone metal body has a solid sculpted feel that's easy to carry and a pleasure to use. Featuring an ultra wide-angle 24mm lens, 5.0x optical zoom and an intuitive touch screen interface, the 12.1 megapixels Digital IXUS 200 IS combines cutting-edge technology with stylish IXUS design.The easy-to-use touch-screen display enables intuitive control of numerous camera functions. When shooting, Touch AF enables you to track focus on a subject simply by touching the screen, while easily selectable icons allow changes to the shooting mode, flash settings and exposure.
D8933532	The Digital IXUS 200 IS' stylish two-tone metal body has a solid sculpted feel that's easy to carry and a pleasure to use. Featuring an ultra wide-angle 24mm lens, 5.0x optical zoom and an intuitive touch screen interface, the 12.1 megapixels Digital IXUS 200 IS combines cutting-edge technology with stylish IXUS design.The easy-to-use touch-screen display enables intuitive control of numerous camera functions. When shooting, Touch AF enables you to track focus on a subject simply by touching the screen, while easily selectable icons allow changes to the shooting mode, flash settings and exposure.
D8933917	It delivers up to 2x the performance of a single graphics card configuration for unequaled gaming experiences by allowing two cards to run in parallel. The must-have feature for performance PCI Express graphics, SLI technology dramatically scales performance on today's hottest games.It delivers a proven record of compatibility, reliability, and stability with the widest range of games and applications. ForceWare provides the best out-of-box experience and delivers continuous performance and feature updates over the life of NVIDIA GeForce GPU.It is designed to run perfectly with the PCI Express 2.0 bus architecture, offering a future-proofing bridge to tomorrow's most bandwidth hungry games and 3D applications by maximizing the 16 Gbps PCI Express 2.0 bandwidth.
D8933994	Combing color film print technology with ocean wave patterns in design, the VR630 has been injected with a texture to personal notebook computers. Ocean wave patterns expresses a sense of tranquility so the users may feel like they are drifting in a world of music, leaving all the troubles and insecurities of the real world behind and embrace the peace and comfort of nature. The perfect sense of level from dark black to light silver can provide the VR630 a more contemporary fashion quality, never missing a beat.Comparing the 16:10 screens of the regular notebook computers to the 16:9 golden theatrical ratio and 16" screen of the VR630, the visual span has been extended by 14%. The bars on the top and bottom of the screen can be avoided, very suitable for playing high definition movies so you may watch it from any angle and truly enjoy the advanced imagery.MSI exclusive VIVID LCD technology is able to display signals for better richness in colors. The colors from the display of the VR630 have an intense sense of levels, and you can even detect in the presence of the finest details. Whether you are playing a computer game, editing images, or watching movies, the images are presented as 3-dimensional as it possibly can get.
D8933995	Abandoning the stereotype of thick-and-heavy traditional notebook, MSI Classic Series offers thinner and lighter solution for more convenient usage; furthermore, it is also easier for you to take it on the move.The exclusive sparkling chassis of C series uses unique bright-light sensitive elements that give this series a rich sense of depth under different light sources. Besides, MSI Color Film Print technology enables more brilliant in color and nicer texture in touch.The borders at the top and bottom get in your way when watching? The C series uses 16:9 widescreen displays so you can immerse yourself in the movie experience!
D8934207	The Shuttle XPC Glamor SG31G2 V2 is designed based on Intel G31 Express Chipset. Featuring Intel Graphics Media Accelerator 3100 with Intel Clear Video technology you can now enjoy a richer high-quality viewing experience and with integrated 7.1-channel high definition audio you can enjoy more realistic audio.The Shuttle XPC Glamor SG31G2 V2 enhances storage transfer through high speed SATA 3Gb/s, and features low noise and ultra cool ICE 2 (Integrated Cooling Engine 2) technology, keeps your platform cool while on its top performance.
D8937822	MSI C series, your stylish companion, is perfect for everybody and everyday computing. With MSI C series, you can enjoy every single moment of you own or with friends. MSI Classic series is the ideal notebook for everyone!Abandoning the stereotype of thick-and-heavy traditional notebook, MSI classic series offers thinner and lighter solution for more convenient usage; furthermore, it is also easier for you to take it on the move. The exclusive sparkling chassis of C series uses unique bright-light sensitive elements that give this series a rich sense of depth under different light sources. Besides, MSI Color Film Print technology enables more brilliant in color and nicer texture in touch.MSI CX700 is embedded with the LED power-saving backlight technology in providing better color fullness and brightness, elevating the total quality of imagery. Furthermore, the lower usage of power can offer a longer operating time.
D8938187	Support for socket AM3 processorsSolid capacitor for CPU powerSupports AMD OverDrive with ACC feature (Advanced Clock Calibration)Supports Hyper-Transport 3.0 (HT 3.0) technologySupports ATI Hybrid CrossFireXSupports HDCP functionSupports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD)/HD-DVD playbackPCIE Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports ASRock Instant Boot, Instant FlashSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy SaverEuP ready
D8938188	Marketing description is not available.
D8938189	Support for socket AM3 processorsSupports CPU up to 140WSupports AMD OverDrive with ACC feature (Advanced Clock Calibration)AMD 770 + SB710 chipsetsFSB 2600 MHz (5.2 GT/s)Supports ATI CrossFireXSupports ASRock Instant Boot, Instant FlashSupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy SaverEuP ready
D8938190	Marketing description is not available.
D8938992	WD Elements USB 2.0 external hard drive is an easy-to-use, reliable way to add more storage to your PC or Macintosh. Simply plug it in to a USB port and start saving or backing up your photos, music, video, and files. It's preformatted for immediate use so there's no software or CD to load. The compact, durable metal case provides extra data protection helping keep data safe from loss.
D8940623	This 4GB twin kit memory solution has been designed to support the Intel Core i5 and Core i7 dual channel memory DDR3 solutions. This solution runs at an incredibly fast 1600MHz at CAS latency of 8-8-8-24. So not only do you get to run your Intel Core i5 or Core i7 dual channel memory system at 1600MHz but with these tight Latency timings your system performance will rock..
D8940624	This RAM is Corsair's mainstream memory solution for Intel's Core i5 and Core i7 dual channel DDR3 processors. This module allows users to experience outstanding memory performance and stability. Available in Corsair's XMS heat spreaders, each module is built using carefully selected RAMs.This 4GB twin kit memory solution has been designed specifically to support the Intel Core i5 and Core i7 dual channel memory DDR3 solutions. This solution runs at an incredibly fast 1600MHz at CAS latency of 9-9-9-24. So not only do you get to run your Intel Core i5 or Core i7 dual channel memory system at 1600MHz but with these tight latency timings your system performance will rock.
D8940625	This RAM is Corsair's mainstream memory solution for Intel's Core i5 and Core i7 dual channel DDR3 processors. This module allows users to experience outstanding memory performance and stability. Available in Corsair's XMS heat spreaders, each module is built using carefully selected RAMs.This 8GB quad kit memory solution has been designed specifically to support the Intel Core i5 and Core i7 dual channel memory DDR3 solutions. This solution runs at an incredibly fast 1600MHz at CAS latency of 9-9-9-24. So not only do you get to run your Intel Core i5 or Core i7 dual channel memory system at 1600MHz but with these tight Latency timings your system performance will rock.
D8940626	Tis RAM is Corsair's mainstream memory solution for Intel's Core i5 and Core i7 dual channel DDR3 processors. This module allows users to experience outstanding memory performance and stability. Available in Corsair's XMS heat spreaders, each module is built using carefully selected RAMs.This 8GB quad kit memory solution has been designed specifically to support the Intel Core i5 and Core i7 dual channel memory DDR3 solutions. This solution runs at an incredibly fast 1333MHz at CAS latency of 9-9-9-24. So not only do you get to run your Intel Core i5 or Core i7 dual channel memory system at 1333MHz but with these tight latency timings your system performance will rock.
D8940650	Marketing description is not available.
D8940651	Marketing description is not available.
D8940836	The Dragon Lord K series builds LanCool's high standard of quality requirement. This SECC steel cases with completely tool-less design are the perfect complement to a PC gamer's needs.The Dragon Lord K58 is targeted for the LAN party gamers. It is a mid-tower case, which is ideal for the graphics cards in combination with the best thermal dynamics. All the internal installation can be done without tools, and is easily adjustable to optimize your hardware setup. Especially in the advent of adding in graphics cards, equipped with 8 PCI slots, can hold three or more graphics cards, supports CrossfireX and 3-way SLI.The Dragon Lord K58 is equipped with large cooling fans, with low RPM, which still provide enough air flow to cool down the hardware adequately. The front 140mm intakes fan runs at 1000 rpm. The top two silent 140mm ball-bearing fans exhaust the hot air out at 1000 rpm.
D8941399	Marketing description is not available.
D8941400	Marketing description is not available.
D8941401	The TL-WR741ND is a combined wired/wireless network connection device integrated with internet-sharing router and 4-port switch. The wireless Lite-N Router is 802.11b/g compatible based on 802.11n technology and gives you 802.11n performance up to 150Mbps at an even more affordable price. Bordering on 11n and surpassing 11g speed enables high bandwidth consuming applications like video streaming to be more fluid. You can enjoy a high quality experience when video streaming, VoIP, or online gaming wirelessly, with traditional g products was never very practical, from anywhere in your entire home. Step into the 11n age with Wireless Lite N!When working with IEEE802.11n devices, the router provides robust and steady connections even at far distances from the router or existing obstacles in the way where normally 11G products would be weak and unstable. Better still, it's backward compatible with existing 802.11b/g products.
D8941402	Marketing description is not available.
D8941403	TP-LINK TL-WN721N is designed to provide a high-speed and unrivaled wireless performance for your computer. With a faster wireless connection, you can get a better Internet experience, such as downloading, gaming, video streaming and so on.The TL-WN721N Lite N USB Adapter complies with IEEE 802.11g and IEEE 802.11b standards. It can perfectly interoperate with all the 802.11n/g/b devices. The TL-WN721Ns auto-sensing capability allows high packet transfer rate of up to 150Mbps for maximum throughput.Additionally, the TL-WN721N supports QSS function, which can help you create a wireless connection with effortless security setup, to prevent outside intrusion and protect your personal information from being exposed.Featuring high performance transmission rates, simple installation and adaptability, as well as strong security, the TL-WN721N Lite N USB Adapter is a perfect solution for small office and home needs.
D8941404	Marketing description is not available.
D8941405	The TL-WA5110G 54M High Power Wireless Access Point is dedicated to Small Office/Home Office (SOHO) and long distance wireless network solutions. It integrates the functions of a Wireless Access Point, WISP Client, Firewall, and NAT-Router. It features high output power and high receive sensitivity can significantly extend the transmission range to reduce dead spots and to deliver a more stable wireless connection.The TL-WA5110G provides three operation modes for multiple users to access the Internet: AP client router, AP router and AP. In AP client router mode, it works as a WISP CPE. In AP router mode, it can access the Internet via an ADSL/Cable Modem. In AP mode it can work in various modes, such as Access Point/Client/WDS Bridge/Repeater.
D8941406	The TL-ANT2405CL 5dBi antenna is ideal for upgrading your wireless access points/routers. It is very easy to use, no configuration or software installation required.
D8941407	The TL-ANT2408CL 8dBi antenna is ideal for upgrading your wireless access points/routers. It is very easy to use, no configuration or software installation required.
D8941408	Marketing description is not available.
D8946286	Belkin Grip Pulse Duo comes with textured design and provides extra gripability of your iPod.
D8946287	Fashion-inspired leather case hugs your iPod and protects it from everyday scratches and scuffs. It features an integrated kick stand for media viewing.
D8946662	be quiet!'s power supply units provide your PC with maximum power for every application from standard to multi-GPU applications - and you don't have to compromise on brand, quality, security and you are helping the environment, because in developing the Pure PowerL7 be quiet! place great value on the efficient use of energy with high level of energy efficiency of up to 87%.
D8946663	be quiet!'s power supply units provide your PC with maximum power for every application from standard to multi-GPU applications - and you don't have to compromise on brand, quality, security and you are helping the environment, because in developing the Pure PowerL7 be quiet! place great value on the efficient use of energy with high level of energy efficiency of up to 87%.
D8946664	be quiet!'s power supply units provide your PC with maximum power for every application from standard to multi-GPU applications - and you don't have to compromise on brand, quality, security and you are helping the environment, because in developing the Pure PowerL7 be quiet! places great value on the efficient use of energy with high level of energy efficiency of up to 87%.
D8946665	be quiet!'s power supply units provide your PC with maximum power for every application from standard to multi-GPU applications - and you don't have to compromise on brand, quality, security and you are helping the environment, because in developing the Pure PowerL7 be quiet! place great value on the efficient use of energy with high level of energy efficiency of up to 87%.
D8948907	Premium DirectX 10 graphics with advanced digital display connectivityUp to 10x faster graphics performance than comparable systemsNVIDIA CUDA technology to accelerate the most demanding applications, vastly improving your PC's ability to work with visual content such as video encodingPremium 1080p HD video with true-fidelity 7.1 audio
D8948908	Premium DirectX 10 graphics with advanced digital display connectivityUp to 10x faster graphics performance than comparable systemsNVIDIA CUDA technology to accelerate the most demanding applications, vastly improving your PC's ability to work with visual content such as video encodingPremium 1080p HD video with true-fidelity 7.1 audio
D8948909	Marketing description is not available.
D8948910	Marketing description is not available.
D8948911	Intel Atom processorNVIDIA MCP7A-ION chipsetDVI/HDMI/VGA graphics output6 x USB 2.04x SATA1x PCI-Express 16x expansion slots
D8948912	10.2" LCD displayHDMI output1.3 megapixels webcam2 x USB 2.0 ports
D8948914	10.2" LCD displayHDMI output1.3 megapixels webcam2 x USB 2.0 ports
D8948915	10.2" LCD displayHDMI output1.3 megapixels webcam2 x USB 2.0 ports
D8948916	10.2" LCD displayHDMI output1.3 megapixels webcam2 x USB 2.0 ports
D8948917	With more gaming horsepower than ever before, the GeForce 200 Series GPU's processing cores make games feel like the real thing. Its powerful NVIDIA PhysX technology creates rich, immersive physical effects with stunningly accurate realism. Experience absolute immersion and a 50% pure performance boost than prior generation GPUs with the GeForce 200 Series GPU.Beyond the field of play, GeForce 200 Series graphics cards seamlessly shifts tasks from the CPU to the GPU, allowing you to dive into the latest Blu-ray movie, surf the web in 3D, or transcode video to a personal video player up to 7x faster than traditional CPUs. Now you can work and play at full speed.
D8948918	With more gaming horsepower than ever before, the GeForce 200 series GPU's processing cores make games feel like the real thing. Its powerful NVIDIA PhysX technology creates rich, immersive physical effects with stunningly accurate realism. Experience absolute immersion and a 50% pure performance boost than prior generation GPUs with the GeForce 200 series GPU.Beyond the field of play, GeForce 200 series graphics cards seamlessly shifts tasks from the CPU to the GPU, allowing you to dive into the latest Blu-ray movie, surf the web in 3D, or transcode video to a personal video player up to 7x faster than traditional CPUs. Now you can work and play at full speed.
D8949419	Dominator family of memory represents the ultimate in performance technology engineering from Corsair. The Dominator was designed to have the highest performing IC maximum over-clocking capability and efficient DHX cooling - all the while being stable and reliable.This 4GB twin Dominator kit memory solution has been designed specifically to support the Intel Core i5 and Core i7 dual channel memory DDR3 solutions. This solution runs at an incredibly fast 1600MHz at CAS latency of 8-8-8-24. So not only do you get to run your Intel Core i5 or Core i7 dual channel memory system at 1600MHz but with these tight latency timings your system performance will rock.
D8949963	Marketing description is not available.
D8949964	LG's N2R1 is the first-ever Network Attached Storage (NAS) with a built in DVD burner. The NAS unit also offers advanced data management. With its simple and clean design, the N2R1 is perfect for consumers looking for the one destination to access and back all their data files.
D8949965	Marketing description is not available.
D8949969	LG GH22 super-multi DVD burner supports recording of a full DVD in just several minutes, using the 22x recording speed. GH22 super multi drive with security function offers password encryption, adds a digital signature to all data to allow recipients to verify data authenticity, detect altered data through checksums to verify data integrity and also increase data reliability through redundantly stored data.
D8950211	Enjoy groundbreaking gaming experience with cutting edge ASUS EAH4850.
D8950225	It delivers up to 2x the performance of a single graphics card configuration for unequaled gaming experiences by allowing two cards to run in parallel. The must-have feature for performance PCI Express graphics, SLI technology dramatically scales performance on today's hottest games.It delivers a proven record of compatibility, reliability, and stability with the widest range of games and applications. ForceWare provides the best out-of-box experience and delivers continuous performance and feature updates over the life of NVIDIA GeForce GPU.It is designed to run perfectly with the PCI Express 2.0 bus architecture, offering a future-proofing bridge to tomorrow's most bandwidth hungry games and 3D applications by maximizing the 16 Gbps PCI Express 2.0 bandwidth.
D8950786	Super Talent's patented PICO series USB drives are manufactured using chip-on-board (COB) technology.PICO series drives are shock resistant, storing data securely even under adverse conditions. They also support read speeds upwards of 30MB/sec (200X) for lightning fast access to files.
D8951200	Headphone plug in the frontIntegrated power supply
D8951974	Marketing description is not available.
D8952207	Marketing description is not available.
D8952315	Marketing description is not available.
D8952316	Marketing description is not available.
D8953075	Marketing description is not available.
D8953218	Marketing description is not available.
D8953219	Marketing description is not available.
D8953220	Marketing description is not available.
D8954822	Adding an SSD to a desktop already using a standard hard disk drive is a smart and efficient way to upgrade. Transferring the operating system and applications from the HDD to the SSD allows the SSD to be used as a bootable drive that takes full advantage of the flash-based technology.For notebooks, SSDNow drives are a perfect replacement for hard drives resulting in faster, more reliable performance. Making this change will improve a notebook's efficiency in a wide range of tasks, from booting up to running the most robust operating system and demanding applications.SSDNow uses a standard SATA interface but, unlike a regular HDD, SSD is very rugged and built with no moving parts, making it ideal for power users and road warriors who push the limits of their notebooks. Other benefits include reduced power usage, less noise and less heat generation.SSDNow V Series drive helps organizations of all sizes and consumers enhance the performance of computers with a Serial ATA (SATA) interface. By improving a computer's performance and durability, SSDNow V Series drives help increase productivity, and extend the life of existing computers.
D8954823	Adding an SSD to a desktop already using a standard hard disk drive is a smart and efficient way to upgrade. Transferring the operating system and applications from the HDD to the SSD allows the SSD to be used as a bootable drive that takes full advantage of the flash-based technology.For notebooks, SSDNow drives are a perfect replacement for hard drives resulting in faster, more reliable performance. Making this change will improve a notebook's efficiency in a wide range of tasks, from booting up to running the most robust operating system and demanding applications.SSDNow uses a standard SATA interface but, unlike a regular HDD, SSD is very rugged and built with no moving parts, making it ideal for power users and road warriors who push the limits of their notebooks. Other benefits include reduced power usage, less noise and less heat generation.SSDNow V Series drive helps organizations of all sizes and consumers enhance the performance of computers with a Serial ATA (SATA) interface. By improving a computer's performance and durability, SSDNow V Series drives help increase productivity, and extend the life of existing computers.
D8954933	Faster and flexible and instantIf BIOS crash, it still can boot from USB driveUpdate BIOS from USB Drive by M-Flash functionSupports dual channel DDR2 memory architectureSupports PIO, bus master operation modesFlexible 7.1-channel audio with retasking
D8955682	The XMS3 family is Corsair's mainstream line of performance DDR3 memory. These modules allow users to experience outstanding memory performance and stability. Available in Corsair's XMS heat spreaders, each module is built using carefully selected RAMs.This 6GB triple kit memory solution runs at an incredibly fast 1333MHz at CAS latency of 9-9-9- 24. So not only do you get to run your system at 1333MHz but with these tight Latency timings your system performance will rock.
D8955683	The XMS3 family is Corsair's mainstream line of performance DDR3 memory. This module allows users to experience outstanding memory performance and stability.
D8956015	Marketing description is not available.
D8956016	Marketing description is not available.
D8956017	Marketing description is not available.
D8956019	Marketing description is not available.
D8956742	Marketing description is not available.
D8956793	Marketing description is not available.
D8956794	Marketing description is not available.
D8959054	Dominator family of memory represents the ultimate in performance technology engineering from Corsair. The Dominator was designed to have the highest performing IC maximum over-clocking capability and efficient DHX cooling - all the while being stable and reliable.This 4GB twin Dominator kit memory solution has been designed specifically to support the Intel Core i5 and Core i7 dual channel memory DDR3 solutions. This solution runs at an incredibly fast 1600MHz at CAS latency of 8-8-8-24. So not only do you get to run your Intel Core i5 or Core i7 dual channel memory system at 1600MHz but with these tight Latency timings your system performance will rock.
D8959055	The Corsair Professional HX650W modular power supply delivers 650 watts of clean, continuous power. Flat, low-profile modular cables allow for easy cable routing and increased airflow. The high-efficiency design reduces electricity usage and minimizes heat generation.The Corsair Professional HX650W is ideal for performance enthusiasts for whom consistent delivery of rated power output is essential. It delivers continuous rated power at ambient temperatures of up to 50° C. An intelligent fan speed system regulates the ultra-quiet 120mm double ball bearing fan. 105° C rated industrial-grade capacitors provide uncompromised performance and reliability.
D8959056	Corsair's enthusiast memory solution for Intel's Core i5 and Core i7 dual channel DDR3 processors. Dominator family of memory represents the ultimate in performance technology engineering from Corsair. The Dominator was designed to have the highest performing IC maximum over-clocking capability and efficient DHX cooling - all the while being stable and reliable.This twin Dominator kit memory solution has been designed specifically to support the Intel Core i5 and Core i7 dual channel memory DDR3 solutions. So not only do you get to run your Intel Core i5 or Core i7 dual channel memory system at 1600MHz but with these tight Latency timings your system performance will rock. 8GB of memory is what Corsair recommends for the best performance on current graphic intensive games, applications and the latest operating systems.
D8959123	Marketing description is not available.
D8959736	When you run a small or home office, each decision made affects the bottom line. Combine that with the fact that the quality of your printed materials is an extension of you as a professional. Enter the PIXMA iX7000 inkjet business printer that delivers the quality, performance and printing solutions you need for business with ease - all on plain paper.Your home office will realize increased productivity as you enjoy business friendly 11" x 17" printing, built-in Ethernet connectivity, built-in Auto-Duplex Printing and a large capacity front cassette that holds up to 250 sheets of plain paper. Experience a standard of quality with PgR Technology that delivers laser-quality text, vivid colors and graphics for all of your business materials. Plus, you can print superb photo quality up to 13" x 19".So, whether you run your business on a PC or Mac, you'll experience advanced business printing performance and excellent photo lab quality all in one product. Start bringing real printing solutions to your business today with the PIXMA iX7000 inkjet business printer.
D8959737	For those who want superior photo quality and built-in auto duplex printing at home, your single function printer has arrived. The PIXMA iP4700 premium inkjet photo printer possesses the high-quality, performance and style needed for your varied home printing needs.
D8959739	Affordable and versatile, the PIXMA MP270 combines high quality printing, scanning and copying. Ideal for document, web and photolab-quality printing, it's perfect for first-time users, students and families - particularly those who require the added versatility of camera direct printing.Canon supports the industry-wide ISO standard for measuring print and copy speeds. This makes it easy to select the right PIXMA for you based on real document print speeds. The PIXMA MP270 offers ISO ESAT speeds of 8.4ipm for mono documents and 4.8ipm for color.Compact and stylish, the PIXMA MP270 has a convenient self-opening paper tray that automatically opens to collect prints and copies.
D8959740	Do you need a compact, high-quality, stylish and versatile printer that will print great borderless photos, documents and more? The PIXMA MP490 delivers 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi, 2pl and the PG-210 Black and CL-211 Color FINE ink cartridge system for superb overall print quality.Another key component the PIXMA MP490 prides itself on is ease of use so you can conveniently get the photo lab quality you want. The Auto Photo Fix II software is built right into the machine and automatically corrects your images while easy viewing and editing can be done right on the 1.8" LCD. Plus, its QuickStart feature gives you faster access to printer operations once the product is on. If you want to start scanning, Auto Scan Mode automatically recognizes the type of original you are scanning and saves it with the appropriate settings. Need some copies? No problem. Dual Color Gamut Processing Technology enables your copies to maintain the integrity of the original whether a document or photo, copy-after-copy.Don't forget, for added versatility enjoy computer-free photo printing options via compatible memory cards.
D8959741	The PIXMA MP550 is an advanced all-in-one home photo printer that offers photolab-quality printing, scanning and copying. Style, speed and quality combine with a range of time-saving features.Canon supports the industry-wide ISO standard for measuring print and copy speeds. This makes it easy to select the right PIXMA for you based on real document print speeds. The PIXMA MP550 offers ISO ESAT speeds of 9.2ipm for mono documents and 6.0ipm for color.
D8959742	Ideal for advanced users, the premium PIXMA MP640 integrates seamlessly into your home network via Wi-Fi or Ethernet. Share superb photolab-quality printing, copying and scanning with the whole family.Canon supports the industry-wide ISO standard for measuring print and copy speeds. This makes it easy to select the right PIXMA for you based on real document print speeds. The PIXMA MP640 offers ISO ESAT speeds of 9.2ipm for mono documents and 8.1ipm for color.
D8959743	The PIXMA MP990 is the ultimate wireless all-in-one photo printer. You'll experience peak performance once it's taken out of the box and hooked-up. This unmatched quality begins with a built-in Wi-Fi capability that lets you print wirelessly from anywhere around the house. You can also connect to a wired network if you choose via built-in Ethernet. Built-in auto duplex printing helps you keep it green by automatically printing on both sides of the paper, which can help reduce your paper cost by 50%.
D8960173	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design.The compact S2 Portable - which fits in a pocket - is an ideal storage solution for those who want to carry massive amounts of digital content.
D8960175	With an elegant, high glossy front cover combined with luxurious leather like reverse side, Samsung's external hard drive S series complement your style. A sophisticated pattern on the cover is the essence of the sleek and modern design.The compact S2 Portable - which fits in a pocket - is an ideal storage solution for those who want to carry massive amounts of digital content.
D8960721	Marketing description is not available.
D8960731	Ultra-comfortable armband is hand-washable and water-resistant. It gives you full-protection and easy navigation access to your iPhone, while minimizing the bulk on your arm.
D8960737	Features adjustable band to fit wide range of hand sizesComfortable and convenient to hold in hand while running, walking, or on the goMachine-washable
D8961381	Palm-sized, durable and stylish with outstanding performance and capacity, Verbatim Portable Hard Drive offers the ultimate convenient, highly portable data storage solution. Verbatim Hard Drive combines the best features of hard drive designs in one attractive package. Quite simply, the Verbatim Portable Hard Drive provides quality without compromise.
D8962775	Marketing description is not available.
D8962894	Now when you're on-the-go whether by yourself or with the friends and family, you can experience fun, easy photo printing! The SELPHY ES40 Compact Photo Printer features a great combination of quality and ease of use. With ink and paper in one cartridge, you'll be able to print borderless images in credit card and postcard sizes, in color or black & white that will be water-resistant and last up to 100 years.The 3.5" color LCD lets you preview and edit your images before you print while the easy scroll wheel allows you to quickly jump to the function you want. The good times continue to roll with creative print options like speech bubbles, stamps, frames and effects to customize your images. Make the most of your memories and utilize the portrait image optimize feature which automatically delivers face detection, backlight correction and noise reduction. One of the coolest features to the SELPHY ES series is the voice guidance functionality. Your ES40 will actually speak to you when you press the voice button so printing will be even more fun and hands free!To print awesome photos you don't even need a computer - just print directly from compatible memory cards, cameras and Bluetooth mobile devices. Or, you can easily print from a compatible power outlet with the built-in AC Adapter. So, what are you waiting for? Take this portable printing wonder by the handle and start printing as the memories are being made.
D8964315	Marketing description is not available.
D8964817	Suitable for all 19" applications in every DIGITUS 19" cabinetInsertable for cable managementFixing at 19" mounting angles
D8965088	Marketing description is not available.
D8965090	Marketing description is not available.
D8965091	Marketing description is not available.
D8965488	Tear through the latest games with seamless frame rates and go beyond HD1 with the power of the ATI Radeon HD 4890 graphics processing unit (GPU). Building on the strength of the ATI Radeon 4800 series award-winning architecture, this GPU stands out from the rest with massive graphics processing muscle. Take ultimate control over your game and crank it up with scalable performance. Go ahead, max out the settings and put the ATI Radeon HD 4890 through its paces.
D8965570	PRODUCT FEATURES:SATA to USB interfaceCompliant with serial ATA II electrical specification 1.0Connects to 2.5" and 3.5" SATA-II, SATA hard driveCompliant with USB mass storage classSupports USB 2.0 and USB 1.1Maximum transfer rate up to 480 mbpsPlug and play without rebootingHot-swap capability for rapid multi HDDs access and exchangeCompatible with notebooks and PCsLED for activity and power
D8966447	LG's N2R1 is the first-ever Network Attached Storage (NAS) with a built in DVD burner. The NAS unit also offers advanced data management. With its simple and clean design, the N2R1 is perfect for consumers looking for the one destination to access and back all their data files.
D8966777	With the EOS 500D, every side of your story comes alive. Capture every detail in stunning 15.1 megapixels resolution, or switch to shooting pin-sharp full high definition video.The EOS 500D combines exceptional still shooting with the ability to shoot Full HD (1080p) video. For occasions when larger amounts of footage need to be stored on a memory card, users can also choose to shoot at 720p or VGA resolution. An HDMI connection allows high definition playback of footage and images on any HDTV.
D8968659	Loaded with the latest features, the Club 3D HD 4670 delivers a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics chips. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Equip your system with a Club 3D HD 4670 graphics card to watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that delivers levels of performance in the mainstream segment.
D8968660	The Club 3D HD3650 is built for extreme HD video experience and gaming. Excellent image quality and rock solid driver support will guarantee the best possible graphics experience on your desktop PC. Be ready to boost your games and enhance your HD Video content.
D8968664	With its stylish design and quality performance, the Creative Inspire T3130 is the perfect choice when you want to take a step up from ordinary speakers.This 2.1 speaker system features the Creative Image Focusing Plate (IFP) design which improves sonic directivity and imaging while preserving tonal accuracy. You can also fine-tune your audio preferences by accessing the wired remote control and bass control easily on the subwoofer. Conveniently connect these sleek speakers to your PC, notebook or MP3 player, and experience great audio immediately! For everyday music listening at an amazing value, the Inspire T3130 is your ideal companion.
D8968665	Time to introduce realistic surround sound to your games, music and movies with the Creative Inspire T6160 5.1 speakers. With classic styling and ease of use, this speaker system delivers immersive multi-channel surround sound - cutting-edge technology that is a hallmark of Creative's renowned audio expertise. With a powerful subwoofer and five satellite speakers, you'll get explosive bass and positional audio for more accurate gaming and engaging movies. Hook it up to your PC and turn it into a dynamic entertainment system at once.
D8969029	This card is designed to maximize the latest DirectX 10.1 games - like the amazingly optimized "Hawx," with extreme HD resolutions, high-performance anisotropic filtering and 24x customer filter anti-aliasing. So what does this mean for you? The most realistic dogfights ever. Unprecedented gaming. And an unparalleled Blu-ray movie experience complete with full 1080p display resolution.Whether you're a power lover, a speed demon, or want an immersive entertainment experience, the XFX Radeon HD 4890 is positively lethal. And absolutely hits the target.
D8969158	Marketing description is not available.
D8969943	Marketing description is not available.
D8971768	Marketing description is not available.
D8972939	With more gaming horsepower than ever before, the GeForce 200 series GPU's processing cores make games feel like the real thing. Its powerful NVIDIA PhysX technology creates rich, immersive physical effects with stunningly accurate realism. Experience absolute immersion and a 50% pure performance boost than prior generation GPUs with the GeForce 200 series GPU.Beyond the field of play, GeForce 200 series graphics cards seamlessly shifts tasks from the CPU to the GPU, allowing you to dive into the latest Blu-ray movie, surf the web in 3D, or transcode video to a personal video player up to 7x faster than traditional CPUs. Now you can work and play at full speed.
D8972941	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards.
D8972943	Marketing description is not available.
D8974237	This motherboard supports the latest Intel Lynnfield processors in LGA1156 package which has memory and PCI Express controller integrated to support 2-channel DDR3 memory and 16 PCI Express 2.0 lanes providing great graphics performance. Intel Lynnfield processor is one of the most powerful and energy efficient CPU in the world.P7P55D LE brings you the multi-GPU choice of CrossFireX. The motherboard features the most powerful Intel P55 platform to optimize PCIe allocation in multiple GPU configurations. Expect a gaming style you've never experienced before!
D8976613	The GA-MA74GM-S2H is Gigabyte's next generation, high performance platform provides reliable and user friendly computing and reaching the maximum system performance easily via personalized software settings. In addition, GA-MA74GM-S2H features with two innovative S features - Safe, Smart technologies, further providing reliable and user friendly computing and reaching the maximum system performance easily via personalized software settings. Gigabyte S series motherboards, the champion's choice for AMD AM2 platform!
D8977414	Windows 7 was built around your feedback, so you'll see a lot of things you've asked for. You asked us to make everyday tasks faster and easier, to make your PC work the way you want it to, and to make it possible to do new things. And that's exactly what Microsoft has done. See how it's come to life.
D8978073	Marketing description is not available.
D8978148	Marketing description is not available.
D8978149	Marketing description is not available.
D8978300	Establishing a powerline network requires at least two PLC adapters for the first time, the TP-LINK Powerline Ethernet Adapter Starter Kit is good for initially setup which including two same adapters. It takes advantage of your home's existing electrical wiring to create or extend a network. It allows users to turn any electrical outlet into a home network connection and share a broadband Internet connection, files and printers with PCs in different rooms at up to 85Mbps. Enjoy video, gaming, and Internet connection wherever you want it.
D8978395	Loaded with the latest features, ATI Radeon HD 4600 Series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units, up to 1GB of memory and support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. These graphics cards do it all with break-through energy efficiency, eliminating the need for an external power connection and making them easy to install.
D8978402	Supports the Intel Core i7 and Intel Core i5 processors in the LGA1156 packageSupports Intel Turbo Boost technologyASRock DuraCap (2.5 x longer life time), high-quality conductive polymer capacitorsIntel P55 chipsetAdvanced V16 + 2 Power Phase designSupports Dual Channel DDR3 2600+(OC)/2133(OC)/1866(OC)/1600/1333/1066 non-ECC, un-buffered memory, 4 x DIMM slots, maximum capacity up to 16GB
D8978403	Supports Intel Turbo Boost technologyASRock DuraCap (2.5 x longer life time), 100% Japan-made high-quality conductive polymer capacitorsIntel P55 chipsetAdvanced V8 + 2 power phase designSupports ATI CrossFireX, 3-Way CrossFireX and Quad CrossFireXSupports NVIDIA SLI and Quad SLISupports 2 x IEEE 1394 ports (one port on back panel, one header on board)PCIE x1 Gigabit LAN 10/100/1000 Mb/sSupports ASRock Instant Boot, Instant Flash, OC DNASupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy SaverCombo Cooler Option (C.C.O.)Premium Blu-ray audio support
D8978404	Supports the Intel Core i7 and Intel Core i5 Processors in the LGA1156 packageSupports Intel Turbo Boost technologyASRock DuraCap (2.5 x longer life time), high-quality conductive polymer capacitorsIntel P55 chipsetAdvanced V8 + 2 Power Phase designSupports Dual Channel DDR3 2600+(OC)/2133(OC)/1866(OC)/1600/1333/1066 non-ECC, un-buffered memory, 4 x DIMM slots, maximum capacity up to 16GB
D8978405	Supports the Intel Core i7 and Intel Core i5 processors in the LGA1156 packageV4 + 1 power phase designSupports Intel Turbo Boost technologyASRock DuraCap (2.5 x longer life time), 100% Japan-made high-quality conductive polymer capacitorsIntel P55 chipsetSupports ATI CrossFire, Quad CrossFireXSupports ASRock Instant Boot, Instant Flash, OC DNASupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC Tuner, Intelligent Energy SaverEuP readyCombo Cooler Option (C.C.O.)
D8979721	Windows 7 Home Premium makes it easy to create a home network and share all of your favorite photos, videos, and music. You can even watch, pause, rewind, and record TV. Get the best entertainment experience with Windows 7 Home Premium.Do you use your PC for work, run Windows XP programs, or require enhanced security? Consider Windows 7 Professional.
D8979722	Windows 7 Ultimate is the most versatile and powerful edition of Windows 7. It is including the ability to run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP mode. For added security, you can encrypt your data with BitLocker and BitLocker To Go. And for extra flexibility, you can work in any of 35 languages. Get it all with Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8979723	Windows 7 Home Premium makes it easy to create a home network and share all of your favorite photos, videos, and music. You can even watch, pause, rewind, and record TV. Get the best entertainment experience with Windows 7 Home Premium.Do you use your PC for work, run Windows XP programs, or require enhanced security? Consider Windows 7 Professional.
D8979724	With Windows 7 Professional, fewer walls stand between you and your success. You can run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP Mode and recover data easily with automatic backups to your home or business network. You can also connect to company networks effortlessly and more securely with Domain Join. With all the exciting entertainment features of Windows Home Premium, it's a great choice for home and for business.Need to use multiple languages on your PC or help protect your data with enhanced BitLocker security? Get Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8979725	Windows 7 Ultimate is the most versatile and powerful edition of Windows 7. It is including the ability to run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP mode. For added security, you can encrypt your data with BitLocker and BitLocker To Go. And for extra flexibility, you can work in any of 35 languages. Get it all with Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8979726	With Windows 7 Professional, fewer walls stand between you and your success. You can run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP Mode and recover data easily with automatic backups to your home or business network. You can also connect to company networks effortlessly and more securely with Domain Join. With all the exciting entertainment features of Windows Home Premium, it's a great choice for home and for business.Need to use multiple languages on your PC or help protect your data with enhanced BitLocker security? Get Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8980323	Marketing description is not available.
D8983591	Marketing description is not available.
D8984169	Marketing description is not available.
D8985311	Windows 7 Home Premium makes it easy to create a home network and share all of your favorite photos, videos, and music. You can even watch, pause, rewind, and record TV. Get the best entertainment experience with Windows 7 Home Premium.Do you use your PC for work, run Windows XP programs, or require enhanced security? Consider Windows 7 Professional.
D8985314	With Windows 7 Professional, fewer walls stand between you and your success. You can run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP Mode and recover data easily with automatic backups to your home or business network. You can also connect to company networks effortlessly and more securely with Domain Join. With all the exciting entertainment features of Windows Home Premium, it's a great choice for home and for business.Need to use multiple languages on your PC or help protect your data with enhanced BitLocker security? Get Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8985315	Windows 7 Ultimate is the most versatile and powerful edition of Windows 7. It is including the ability to run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP mode. For added security, you can encrypt your data with BitLocker and BitLocker To Go. And for extra flexibility, you can work in any of 35 languages. Get it all with Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8985316	With Windows 7 Professional, fewer walls stand between you and your success. You can run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP Mode and recover data easily with automatic backups to your home or business network. You can also connect to company networks effortlessly and more securely with Domain Join. With all the exciting entertainment features of Windows Home Premium, it's a great choice for home and for business.Need to use multiple languages on your PC or help protect your data with enhanced BitLocker security? Get Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8985317	Windows 7 Ultimate is the most versatile and powerful edition of Windows 7. It is including the ability to run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP mode. For added security, you can encrypt your data with BitLocker and BitLocker To Go. And for extra flexibility, you can work in any of 35 languages. Get it all with Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8985335	With Windows 7 Professional, fewer walls stand between you and your success. You can run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP Mode and recover data easily with automatic backups to your home or business network. You can also connect to company networks effortlessly and more securely with Domain Join. With all the exciting entertainment features of Windows Home Premium, it's a great choice for home and for business.Need to use multiple languages on your PC or help protect your data with enhanced BitLocker security? Get Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8985336	Windows 7 Home Premium makes it easy to create a home network and share all of your favorite photos, videos, and music. You can even watch, pause, rewind, and record TV. Get the best entertainment experience with Windows 7 Home Premium.Do you use your PC for work, run Windows XP programs, or require enhanced security? Consider Windows 7 Professional.
D8985338	With Windows 7 Professional, fewer walls stand between you and your success. You can run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP Mode and recover data easily with automatic backups to your home or business network. You can also connect to company networks effortlessly and more securely with Domain Join. With all the exciting entertainment features of Windows Home Premium, it's a great choice for home and for business.Need to use multiple languages on your PC or help protect your data with enhanced BitLocker security? Get Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8985341	With Windows 7 Professional, fewer walls stand between you and your success. You can run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP Mode and recover data easily with automatic backups to your home or business network. You can also connect to company networks effortlessly and more securely with Domain Join. With all the exciting entertainment features of Windows Home Premium, it's a great choice for home and for business.Need to use multiple languages on your PC or help protect your data with enhanced BitLocker security? Get Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8985383	Windows 7 Home Premium makes it easy to create a home network and share all of your favorite photos, videos, and music. You can even watch, pause, rewind, and record TV. Get the best entertainment experience with Windows 7 Home Premium.Do you use your PC for work, run Windows XP programs, or require enhanced security? Consider Windows 7 Professional.
D8985386	Windows 7 Home Premium makes it easy to create a home network and share all of your favorite photos, videos, and music. You can even watch, pause, rewind, and record TV. Get the best entertainment experience with Windows 7 Home Premium.Do you use your PC for work, run Windows XP programs, or require enhanced security? Consider Windows 7 Professional.
D8985393	Windows 7 Ultimate is the most versatile and powerful edition of Windows 7. It is including the ability to run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP mode. For added security, you can encrypt your data with BitLocker and BitLocker To Go. And for extra flexibility, you can work in any of 35 languages. Get it all with Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8985396	Windows 7 Ultimate is the most versatile and powerful edition of Windows 7. It is including the ability to run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP mode. For added security, you can encrypt your data with BitLocker and BitLocker To Go. And for extra flexibility, you can work in any of 35 languages. Get it all with Windows 7 Ultimate.
D8986104	The DOMINATOR-GT is the ultimate performance solution within the DOMINATOR product line. Limited to only extremely high memory speeds, the Corsair DOMINATOR-GT only uses highly screened IC's to guarantee performance and over-clockability. Using ultra efficient Dual-path Heat Xchange (DHX) cooling technology, the DOMINATOR-GT modules also ship with the Airflow Fan to maximize heat transfer away from the modules - all the while being stable and reliable. With removable heat sinks, the DOMINATOR-GT modules can even be outfitted with additional upcoming accessories with enhanced features.
D8986168	CM Storm Sniper Black Edition mesh version - the best gaming chassis in the world just got better, with an all black interior and 2.5" HDD/SSD support.Reinforced by CM Storm's revolutionary Storm Tactics, with its dedicated focus on strength, security, and control, the Sniper Black Edition stands ready to mobilize your next gaming session and fully back up your skills!
D8987360	Marketing description is not available.
D8987487	Marketing description is not available.
D8987488	Marketing description is not available.
D8989275	The Dominator-GT is the ultimate performance solution within the Dominator product line. Limited to only extremely high memory speeds, the Corsair Dominator-GT only uses highly screened IC's to guarantee performance and over-clockability. Using ultra efficient Dual-path Heat Xchange (DHX) cooling technology, the Dominator-GT modules also ship with the airflow fan to maximize heat transfer away from the modules - all the while being stable and reliable. With removable heat sinks, the Dominator-GT modules can even be outfitted with additional upcoming accessories with enhanced features.Very few components make it into the Dominator family. Even fewer are hand selected to build the Dominator-GT. Corsair's team of engineers run extensive and exhaustive in-house testing and qualification with the premium performance motherboards used by overclockers and ultra enthusiasts.
D8989639	APS (Active Phase Switching) is complete function to control power demand with switching dynamically; it's for CPU, memory and chipset PWMSaving power under variable loadingPower usage more efficiencyFaster and flexible and instantIf BIOS crash, it still can boot from USB driveUpdate BIOS from USB drive by M-flash functionHelp end-users upgrade CPU FSB directlyBuy an essential CPU but want to reach higher performanceSkip the complicated BIOS OC setting and enjoy the higher level CPU performance
D8989640	MSI 785G mainboard series based on AMD chipset, with the best price/performance ratio. To enhance the high definition audio and video quality, these mainboards support DirectX 10.1 and UVD 2.0.MSI 785G mainboards have an ATI Radeon HD4200 GPU and can easily be connected to various audio and video devices. Besides a DVI video output, MSI 785G series are also equipped with an HDMI output to fulfill satisfy next generation's high definition demand.MMSI 785G Series mainboards are aimed to fit consumers' demand for power saving and therefore are equipped with APS (Active Phase Switching). APS switches the number of power phases corresponding to the needs of the CPU load. With fewer phases the system works more power efficient at lower CPU loads.
D8991072	With a host of features designed to enhance every facet of the photographic process, from still images to video, the EOS 7D represents a whole new class of camera.Made to be the tool of choice for serious photographers and semi-professionals, the EOS 7D features an 18.0 megapixels APS-C size CMOS sensor and dual DIGIC 4 image processors, capturing tremendous images at up to ISO 12800 and speeds of up to 8 fps. The EOS 7D has a cross-type 19-point AF system with improved AI Servo AF subject tracking and user-selectable AF area selection modes for sharp focus no matter the situation. The EOS 7D's Intelligent Viewfinder provides 100% coverage and displays user-selected AF modes as well as a spot metering circle and on demand grid lines. iFCL metering with 63-zone dual-layer metering system uses both focus and color information to provide accurate exposure even in difficult lighting. The EOS 7D also captures Full HD video at 30p, 24p and 25p with an array of manual controls, including manual exposure during movie shooting and ISO speed selection. The EOS 7D features a magnesium alloy body that is dust- and weather-resistant and shutter durability of up to 150,000 cycles.
D8991073	With a host of features designed to enhance every facet of the photographic process, from still images to video, the EOS 7D represents a whole new class of camera.Made to be the tool of choice for serious photographers and semi-professionals, the EOS 7D features an 18.0 megapixels APS-C size CMOS sensor and dual DIGIC 4 image processors, capturing tremendous images at up to ISO 12800 and speeds of up to 8 fps. The EOS 7D has a cross-type 19-point AF system with improved AI Servo AF subject tracking and user-selectable AF area selection modes for sharp focus no matter the situation. The EOS 7D's Intelligent Viewfinder provides 100% coverage and displays user-selected AF modes as well as a spot metering circle and on demand grid lines. iFCL metering with 63-zone dual-layer metering system uses both focus and color information to provide accurate exposure even in difficult lighting. The EOS 7D also captures Full HD video at 30p, 24p and 25p with an array of manual controls, including manual exposure during movie shooting and ISO speed selection. The EOS 7D features a magnesium alloy body that is dust- and weather-resistant and shutter durability of up to 150,000 cycles.
D8991074	With a host of features designed to enhance every facet of the photographic process, from still images to video, the EOS 7D represents a whole new class of camera.Made to be the tool of choice for serious photographers and semi-professionals, the EOS 7D features an 18.0 megapixels APS-C size CMOS sensor and dual DIGIC 4 image processors, capturing tremendous images at up to ISO 12800 and speeds of up to 8 fps. The EOS 7D has a cross-type 19-point AF system with improved AI Servo AF subject tracking and user-selectable AF area selection modes for sharp focus no matter the situation. The EOS 7D's Intelligent Viewfinder provides 100% coverage and displays user-selected AF modes as well as a spot metering circle and on demand grid lines. iFCL metering with 63-zone dual-layer metering system uses both focus and color information to provide accurate exposure even in difficult lighting. The EOS 7D also captures Full HD video at 30p, 24p and 25p with an array of manual controls, including manual exposure during movie shooting and ISO speed selection. The EOS 7D features a magnesium alloy body that is dust- and weather-resistant and shutter durability of up to 150,000 cycles.
D8991075	The Wireless File Transmitter (WFT-E5) allows extensive camera control via a web browser - allowing photographers to control the camera using a web-enabled mobile device.
D8991084	Marketing description is not available.
D8991246	The Club 3D HD4850 offers rock solid performance and ultra realistic effects for today's hottest PC games. It is designed for the ultimate balance between high-definition video playback and PC gaming entertainment. The Club 3D HD4850 is the ultimate upgrade for an extreme powerful multimedia PC.
D8991247	Loaded with the latest features, the Club 3D HD 4670 delivers a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics chips. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism with support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1. Equip your system with a Club 3D HD 4670 graphics card to watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity. Do it all with break-through efficiency that delivers levels of performance in the mainstream segment.
D8991532	Marketing description is not available.
D8991564	PRODUCT FEATURES:DX10.1OpenGL2.1Shader Model 4.1
D8991565	Gigantic 512MB memory on boardExclusive Glaciator Fansink Design7°C cooler than reference designASUS splendidASUS Gamer OSDASUS Smart Doctor
D8991566	Gigantic memory on boardExclusive Glaciator Fansink design7°C cooler than reference designASUS SplendidASUS Gamer OSDASUS Smart DoctorNVIDIA GeForce 9800GTPCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportMicrosoft DirectX 10 and Shader Model 4.0 supportOpenGL 2.0 supportHDCP compliantNVIDIA PureVideo HD technologyNVIDIA Quantum technology
D8991567	ATI Radeon HD 4890 graphicsFull Microsoft DirectX 10.1 supportHDCP compliantATI CrossFireX technologyDual-link DVI supportATI PowerPlay technology
D8992672	Create a multi-user HD home entertainment network through your electrical wiring. Imagine streaming flicker free HD movies, lag free gaming and more all at the same time. No need for special wiring, with Belkin's Gigabit Powerline HD networking adapters, it is that simple.Powered by Gigle Semiconductor's mediaxtream chip, Belkin's Gigabit Powerline provides a secure, stable networking signal anywhere in the home - even for areas that are hard to reach by wireless connections.Because of its high Gigabit speeds and consistent connection, Gigabit Powerline reduces online gaming latency and provides large bandwidth, making it ideal for online PC gaming and ultrafast high-quality transmission of multiple video streams delivering content at 1000Mbps of speed.Create an even stronger network by adding a third or more Belkin Gigabit Powerline HD adapters to your set up. This enables the Xtendnet feature that provides more stability and better performance, essentially making the network "self-healing". The more adapters in your network, the more reliable the connection will get.Setup of a powerline network is simple with its plug-and-play connectivity: plug one end of the adapter into an available wall socket. Connect the other end to any device with an available Ethernet port (RJ45), such as a gaming console, set-top box, or computer.
D8992674	Marketing description is not available.
D8992677	Powerline AV allows you to reliably transmit content from your Internet directly to your computer and other network devices through the electrical wires in your home. Transfer speeds of up to 200Mpbs makes Powerline AV ideal for streaming media to your home entertainment devices such as gaming consoles and set-top boxes.Powerline is a great solution for areas in the home that are hard to reach by wireless connections, Powerline is the most reliable solution for providing secure Internet connectivity to these remote areas.Setup of Powerline is simple with its plug-and-play connectivity. Connect one adapter to your router and plug it into an available electrical outlet. Plug the second adapter into an available wall outlet and connect the other end to any device with an available Ethernet port such as a gaming console, set-top box, or computer.
D8993619	The LG Super-Multi GH22LS50 internal SATA DVD Rewriters feature a 22x DVD±R write speed and SecurDisc technology that allows you to protect and share data securely. The GH22LS50 includes LightScribe direct disc labeling which gives you the added feature of etching customized labels onto a special coated LightScribe disc. Designed for storage needs that demand consistency, the GH22LS50 read and write in CD, DVD±R, DVD±RW, and DVD RAM formats. Burn and guard your data with LG.
D8995738	This motherboard supports Intel LGA775 Core 2 Extreme / Core2 Quad / Core2 Duo processors, which are excellent for multitasking, multimedia, and enthusiastic gamers with 1333/ 1066/ 800 MHz FSB. This motherboard also supports Intel CPUs in the 45nm manufacturing process.
D8995739	Motherboard Asus M4A77TD supports AMD Socket AM3 multi-core processors with unique L3 cache and delivers better overclocking capabilities with less power consumption. It features dual-channel DDR3 1333 memory support and accelerates data transfer rate up to 5200MT/s via HyperTransport 3.0 based system bus. This motherboard also supports AMD CPUs in the new 45nm manufacturing process.M4A77TD supports the latest PCIe 2.0 devices for double speed and bandwidth which enhances system performance.
D8995740	Marketing description is not available.
D8995744	Marketing description is not available.
D8995746	Phenom II/Athlon II/Sempron 100 series processorsAMD Phenom X4/Phenom X3/Athlon X2/Athlon/Sempron processorsAMD 785G + SB710Boosted performance with onboard GPU and discrete graphics cardEnjoy Full HD 1080p multimedia home-theater entertainmentASUS absolute pitch Hi-FiBe overwhelmed by the prodigious 10-channel experience on a PCEnhanced audio clarity with low electronic noiseDirect plug and play with home theater equipmentEnjoy a real home theater experienceSuper silent for multimedia enjoymentCooling solution that is both stylish and effective
D8995747	Marketing description is not available.
D8995748	The ASUS workstation series is the ideal foundation for a powerful PC. It delivers awesome power, dependable performance and unparallels multiple I/O scalability for the most demanding tasks and future upgrades. Also, it provides extreme power saving experience with EUP 6 Engine function. The ASUS Workstation Series intelligently reduces operation noise and dissipates heat through advanced and environmentally friendly methods to accommodate user needs. Don't change you for a computer. Instead, let ASUS workstation series improves the quality of your work and life.The motherboard will achieve outstanding and dependable performance in the role of a Personal Supercomputer when working in tangent with discrete CUDA technology - providing unprecedented return on investment. Users can count on up to 4 CUDA cards (One of them should be Quadro graphic card) that are plugged into P7P55 WS SuperComputer for intensive parallel computing on tons of data, which delivers nearly 4 teraflops of performance. It is the best choice to work as a personal supercomputer on your desk instead of a computer cluster in a room.P7P55 WS SuperComputer brings you the multi-GPU choice of either SLI or CrossFireX. The motherboard features the most powerful Intel P55 platform to optimize PCIe allocation in multiple GPU configurations.
D8995749	Indulge your visual senses with 1600 x 900 HD+ resolution and 5ms quick response time for work and entertainment20" widescreen fits two pages side by side, meaning ample screen space for different contents to help double your working efficiencyThe perfect 16:9 aspect ratio enables borderless high definition full-screen video display and gaming together with multimedia HD devicesBest dual-display companion with your widescreen notebook enlarges the visual space for multi-tasking efficiency
D8995750	The ASUS P7P55D series motherboard with the processing core and a cutting-edge design to deliver ultimate overclocking, better cooling, improves power efficiency, and one of the fastest memory booting. Using revolutionary Hybrid technology, the ASUS P7P55D series delivers intelligent performance enhancements with the Hybrid Processor, Hybrid Phase, and Hybrid Operating System. It is also based on groundbreaking "Xtreme Design", a winning design formula drawn from many years of engineering innovation, which optimizes overall system performance and reliability of PC hardware.The P7P55D series features a comprehensive range of models including the P7P55D Deluxe with 10-channel audio and DTS Surround Sensation UltraPC support, and the P7P55D Premium with the world's first hybrid 32-phase power delivery and the latest SATA 6Gbps storage interface. ASUS incorporates an innovative bridge to double bandwidth to fully realize the speed available for maximum data throughput.
D8995751	Marketing description is not available.
D8995752	The Republic of Gamers consists only the best of the best. ASUS offers the best hardware engineering, the fastest performance, the most innovating ideas, and ASUS welcomes the best gamers to join in.In the Republic of Gamers, mercy rules are only for the weak, and bragging rights means everything. ASUS believes in making statements and ASUS excels in competitions. If your character matches ASUS's trait, then join the elite club, make your presence felt, in the Republic of Gamers.
D9007090	Ideal secondary/replacement power solution for mobile users, at home and in the officeExtra USB power/charging port (5V) for mobile devices (phones and MP3)Compact, slim design and light weightBuilt-in over/under and short circuit protection to prevent laptop computer damage
D9007125	Ideal secondary/replacement power solution for mobile users, while traveling or in the car thanks to the additional CLA plugExtra USB power/charging port (5V) for mobile devices (phones and MP3)Compact, slim design and light weightBuilt-in over/under and short circuit protection to prevent laptop computer damageOutput power 40W maxUSB output 4.25W
D9029948	Marketing description is not available.
D9160514	Ignite your imagination with the technology that makes distant worlds erupt with vibrant textures rendered in high-definition clarity a reality. The Sapphire HD3650 is Microsoft Vista compatible with awesome power of 120 stream processing units, accelerates next generation DirectX 10 games while remaining best in its price vs. performance class. Support for Shader Model 4 boost the level of realism provided by the HD3650 to new heights and the available on board memory DDR / GDDR ensures a smooth frame rate in all of today's hot titles and applications. Enhance the way you play not the amount you pay.
D9162028	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards.
D9162312	Marketing description is not available.
D9162475	PowerColor HD 4800 has adopted 55nm technology and is powered by ATI's Radeon HD 4800 graphics processing units. For HD 4850, it's equipped with 512MB of GDDR3 on a 256bit memory bus design, while the GPU and memory run at 625MHz and 1986MHz respectively.PowerColor HD 4800 series offer Microsoft DirectX 10.1, PCI Express 2.0, on-chip HDCP, built-in HDMI with 7.1 surround audio, and also with the support for Shader Model 4.1, Universal Video Decode 2, and ATI CrossFireX technology.With all the aforementioned 3D graphic features, PowerColor HD 4800 series assure users of an incredible visual performance while the same time generously providing Dual Dual-Link DVI and H.264, VC-1 and MPEG-2 video encoding program output support to deliver an unsurpassed image on a high definition 30 inch LCD with resolutions of up to 2560 x 1600. All in users have even more choices for experiencing phenomenal 3D entertainment.
D9162476	PowerColor HD 4800 has adopted 55nm technology and is powered by ATI's Radeon HD 4800 graphics processing units. For HD 4850, it's equipped with 512MB of GDDR3 on a 256bit memory bus design, while the GPU and memory run at 625MHz and 1986MHz respectively.PowerColor HD 4800 series offer Microsoft DirectX 10.1, PCI Express 2.0, on-chip HDCP, built-in HDMI with 7.1 surround audio, and also with the support for Shader Model 4.1, Universal Video Decode 2, and ATI CrossFireX technology.With all the aforementioned 3D graphic features, PowerColor HD 4800 series assure users of an incredible visual performance while the same time generously providing Dual Dual-Link DVI and H.264, VC-1 and MPEG-2 video encoding program output support to deliver an unsurpassed image on a high definition 30 inch LCD with resolutions of up to 2560 x 1600. All in users have even more choices for experiencing phenomenal 3D entertainment.
D9162513	Stuffed with technology and design innovations, the first ROCCAT gaming mouse KONE is the only tool to unleash your hidden skills and develop your existing ones to the max.The time of erratic cursor movements when lifting the mouse (pick-up-flight) is now over. The world's first and only Distance Control Unit (DCU) constantly measures the distance of the KONE from the surface. As soon as you lift the mouse, the sensor recognizes this movement and interrupts data transmission to the computer thereby freezing the cursor and giving you a tiny advantage in aiming precision that decides between devastation and victory. The threshold distance can be adjusted according to your preferences in the driver menu.Featuring its own TurboCore processor unit and 96kB of internal memory, this mouse stores macros containing up to 512 key strokes plus timing information for 6 mouse buttons in 5 profiles. Just bring your mouse along to a friend's house or a LAN event and plug it into any computer. You do not need to install the driver to use the macros you have previously stored on the mouse.The special right handed hybrid shape, equally suitable for claw or palm grip, revolutionizes the definition of gaming comfort. The shortened left mouse button and the precisely calculated downward slope towards the right mouse button are the inevitable results of long term research and ergonomics studies. The rubberized top and side surfaces provide maximum grip even in the heat of the final game.Change the look of the KONE to how you want. The light system comprises 5 LEDs which are capable of displaying more than 1000 colors. You can independently change the color of any LED and activate special light effects such as pulsation, heartbeat, rotation or blinking; you can even adjust the effect speed. Naturally, you can simply turn off the lights in case you fancy total darkness.The easy-to-use weight system changes the weight of the KONE within seconds. Chose one of the four weights provided to customize the total weight of the mouse to suit your preferences. It is so easy to change the weights: simply press the weight release button on the underside of the mouse and clip the desired weight into the slot. That's it. No complicated processes involving unplugging and opening the mouse, no loss of warranty - just two clicks and you're done.
D9162975	With Gigabit Ethernet connectivity for file sharing, Verbatim NAS users can free up space on their personal computers while enjoying fast access to high-capacity, centralized storage and the ability to easily share music, photos, videos and data files. Efficient and versatile, Verbatim Gigabit NAS hard drives can also be used as a home entertainment server to stream movies to their TV through their UPnP/DLNA media player or stream music to any computer running iTunes. And for additional savings, instead of purchasing a printer for each individual, a single USB printer can be added to the drive's USB host port that everyone on the network can use.To ensure quick and easy network setup and smooth administration, Verbatim Gigabit NAS hard drives support Samba (for PCs) and Bonjour (for Macs) protocols. For security, private folders with user access rights can be established for individual users.
D9163053	Marketing description is not available.
D9164198	Share full color printing, copying and scanning with this compact unit. Network ready, easy to use and energy efficient, it puts professional color quality within the reach of small businesses.This smart multifunctional combines style and space-saving simplicity. It's clean, uncomplicated design - with smooth, curved lines - ensures ease of use and easy placement as well as exceptional color convenience.Canon's advanced color imaging technologies give you a competitive edge, delivering faithful color reproduction as well as sharp black text. Create high impact marketing materials thanks to these innovative technologies, S-Toner and Automatic Image Refinement (AIR) for up to 2400 x 600 dpi printing.Save energy and reduce your running costs. The energy-efficient i-SENSYS MF8030Cn is Energy Star certified and consumes only 3 watts in sleep mode.The easy-to-use, backlit, 5-line LCD display with intuitive menus and animated troubleshooting makes operation effortless straight from the start. Canon's all-in-one cartridge system provides maintenance-free operation, consistently high quality output and the convenience of fewer consumables.
D9164199	Share professional color output and 4-in-1 functionality with this compact unit. Network ready, easy to use and energy efficient, it's a total color communications center for small businesses.This smart multifunctional combines style and space-saving simplicity. It's clean, uncomplicated design - with smooth, curved lines - ensures ease of use and easy placement as well as exceptional color convenience.Canon's advanced color imaging technologies give you a competitive edge, delivering faithful color reproduction as well as sharp black text. Create high impact marketing materials thanks to these innovative technologies, S-Toner and Automatic Image Refinement (AIR) for up to 2400 x 600 dpi printing.Save energy and reduce your running costs. The energy-efficient i-SENSYS MF8050Cn is Energy Star certified and consumes only 3 watts in sleep mode.The easy-to-use, backlit, 5-line LCD display with intuitive menus and animated troubleshooting makes operation effortless straight from the start. Canon's all-in-one cartridge system provides maintenance-free operation, consistently high quality output and the convenience of fewer consumables.
D9164200	Benefit from high performance and professional color quality - boost your business productivity with this space and energy saving unit.This high performance multifunctional combines style and space-saving simplicity. It's clean, uncomplicated design - with smooth, curved lines - ensures ease of use and easy placement as well as exceptional color convenience.Canon's advanced color imaging technologies give you a competitive edge, delivering faithful color reproduction as well as sharp black text. Create high impact marketing materials thanks to these innovative technologies, S-Toner and Automatic Image Refinement (AIR) for up to 2400 x 600 dpi printing.The easy-to-use, backlit, 5-line LCD display with intuitive menus and animated troubleshooting makes operation effortless straight from the start. Canon's all-in-one cartridge system provides maintenance-free operation, consistently high quality output and the convenience of fewer consumables.
D9164201	Use the power of high performance, professional color communication to grow your business, thanks to this productive, energy-saving unit.This high performance multifunctional combines style and space-saving simplicity. It's clean, uncomplicated design - with smooth, curved lines - ensures ease of use and easy placement as well as exceptional color convenience.Canon's advanced color imaging technologies give you a competitive edge, delivering faithful color reproduction as well as sharp black text. Create high impact marketing materials thanks to these innovative technologies, S-Toner and Automatic Image Refinement (AIR) for up to 2400 x 600 dpi printing.The easy-to-use, backlit, 5-line LCD display with intuitive menus and animated troubleshooting makes operation effortless straight from the start. Canon's all-in-one cartridge system provides maintenance-free operation, consistently high quality output and the convenience of fewer consumables.
D9164214	LEGRIA HF21 is a Full HD camcorder that lets you store over 24 hours of movies. Offering the superb image quality of the Canon HD camera system, it's designed to fit into your pocket.The Canon HD camera system combines a 3.3-megapixel Full HD CMOS sensor, a 15x optical zoom Canon HD video lens and the DIGIC DV III processor to deliver superb Full HD movies.Video snapshot makes it incredibly easy to share movies. When the record button is pressed, a 4-second clip is captured. Film live action or choose clips from movies already shot. Then add them to a playlist, select a soundtrack, and you're ready to watch your movie on a TV - no need for editing.Great features make moviemaking easy. Instant AF is the best way to achieve accurate auto focus at speed. For people shots, Face Detection technology optimizes settings for up to 35 faces per frame. 25p cinema mode matches the look of traditional film and also provides enhanced low-light shooting performance.
D9164881	Marketing description is not available.
D9164882	Marketing description is not available.
D9164905	Play the Vista way! Ignite your imagination with the technology that makes distant worlds erupt with vibrant textures rendered in High-Definition clarity a reality. The Sapphire HD3450 is Microsoft VISTA compatible with awesome power of 40 stream processing units, accelerates next generation DirectX 10 games while remaining best in its price vs. performance class. Support for the latest Shader Model 4 boost the level of realism provided by the HD3450 to new heights and the available on board memory of 256MB or 512MB of DDR/GDDR ensures a smooth frame rate in all of today's hot titles and applications. Enhance the way you play not the amount you pay.
D9166264	Marketing description is not available.
D9166894	Ultra-slim and ultra-elegant, the ToC design is inspired by the artistic integrity of hand blown glass. The translucent charcoal gray gradation of the bezel and cobalt blue hues of the clear crystal neck subtly shift in color depending upon external light conditions, creating an exquisite interplay between the monitor and the environment that it is placed in.
D9168090	Excellent Blu-ray playback and save your CPU powerNative HDMI output and silent cooling solution for HTPCUnified Video Decoder (UVD) for Blu-ray and HD DVD
D9168201	The Flash Voyager GT 32GB is the most convenient way to transport large amounts of any kind of data: high-resolution photos and artwork, massive databases, or even entire music collections. And with its blazing 30MB per second read speed and 16MB per second write speed, it rivals the fastest portable hard drives.The Flash Voyager GT 32GB outperforms other high capacity USB flash drives by a wide margin. Its ruggedized rubber housing is designed to provide durability and enhanced protection for your valuable data.The Flash Voyager GT 32GB needs no special drivers, no external power, and no cables, making it the world's fastest, most convenient high capacity storage solution for anyone who needs high-performance, rugged, portable storage.
D9168202	The Flash Voyager GT 64GB is the most convenient way to transport large amounts of any kind of data: high-resolution photos and artwork, massive databases, or even entire music collections. And with its blazing 30MB per second read speed and 16MB per second write speed, it rivals the fastest portable hard drives.The Flash Voyager GT 64GB outperforms other high capacity USB flash drives by a wide margin. Its ruggedized rubber housing is designed to provide durability and enhanced protection for your valuable data.The Flash Voyager GT 64GB needs no special drivers, no external power, and no cables, making it the world's fastest, most convenient high capacity storage solution for anyone who needs high-performance, rugged, portable storage.
D9168573	Marketing description is not available.
D9168585	Play the Vista way! Ignite your imagination with the technology that makes distant worlds erupt with vibrant textures rendered in High-Definition clarity a reality. The Sapphire HD3450 is Microsoft VISTA compatible with awesome power of 40 stream processing units, accelerates next generation DirectX 10 games while remaining best in its price vs. performance class. Support for the latest Shader Model 4 boost the level of realism provided by the HD3450 to new heights and the available on board memory of 256MB or 512MB of DDR/GDDR ensures a smooth frame rate in all of today's hot titles and applications. Enhance the way you play not the amount you pay.
D9169511	Marketing description is not available.
D9169716	Marketing description is not available.
D9169717	Marketing description is not available.
D9169718	Marketing description is not available.
D9169721	Marketing description is not available.
D9169723	Marketing description is not available.
D9170907	Marketing description is not available.
D9170919	A nettop ION 330, based on the Intel Atom processor, is an innovative device offering basic PC functionality. These purpose-built devices deliver an affordable basic computing experience and easy access to the Internet.ASRock ION 330 comes with the Atom + NVIDIA ION graphics processor. It satisfies you with the high quality audio and visual environment. Comparing with other system configuration, ASRock ION 330 provides 10 times faster in speed for graphics and video encoding performance scaling. In addition, it also supports Full HD 1080p (Blu-ray/HD-DVD) playback, 3D gaming.ASRock ION 330 comes with dual-channel memory, which is 2 times faster than the single channel memory. Comparing with other NetTop which supports only single channel memory, ASRock ION 330 with dual channel memory design can truly deliver the performance of Atom 330 dual-core CPU.
D9170921	Supports dual channel DDR2 800/6672 x DIMM slotsIntel Graphics Media Accelerator X4500Pixel Shader 4.0DirectX 101 x PCI Express x16 slot10/100 Ethernet2 x SATAII 3.0 Gbps connectorsSupports ASRock Instant Boot, Instant Flash, OC DNASupports Smart BIOS, ASRock OC tuner, Intelligent Energy SaverEuP ready
D9170922	Marketing description is not available.
D9170967	The RAVEN RV02 is smaller, lighter, and higher performing. Compatibility with Extended-ATX motherboard and server level storage capacity were sacrificed in favor of a more compact dimension and consumer oriented design. Three custom designed 180mm fans and one 120mm fan are included in the RV02 to provide noise to cooling performance ratio that breaks existing benchmark for enthusiast chassis. Additional features such as the inclusion of the 8th expansion slot (for triple or quad graphics cards), all painted interior, custom designed hard drive suspension cage, and radiator mounts completes a package that will not only appeal to hardware enthusiasts but also to anyone looking to assemble a system that makes a statement with plenty of cooling and very little noise.
D9171285	Marketing description is not available.
D9171456	Marketing description is not available.
D9174599	Marketing description is not available.
D9176902	Your eyes are drawn to its unprecedented design and the harmonious relationship of a line and circle. In itself, MS246H is a work of art that accentuates any living space.
D9177654	Experience the power without a hefty price tag with the SLI-Ready Club 3D 9500 GT. Get a supreme visual experience and realistic gameplay in most popular games. An improved 3D experience with Microsoft Windows Vista allows easy management of photos and videos while the revolutionary PureVideo HD engine offers unmatched video-watching.Designed for latest game generations that use technologies such as HDR. This improves the natural look and feel of a game by adding far more color complexity and extreme wide contrast ratio. On top of this excellent features and new techniques are added to improve the overall image quality in your games.
D9178385	Well compatibility and good burning technologyLabelFlash technology supportPowerReadPureReadQuite modeEco packing
D9178386	Well compatibility and good burning technologyLabelFlash technology supportPowerReadPureReadQuite modeEco packing
D9178563	Fierce exterior design inspired by military weaponsAggressive AMD-red LED fansUnique side panel window with AMD dragon graphicsUnprecedented airflow from up to 2 huge fansNext generation control center for tuning your lights and fansStormGuard - ground-breaking security system for safeguarding your gaming peripheralsConvenient handle and foot stand for fast and efficient mobilization and relocation
D9178564	Fierce exterior design inspired by military weaponsAggressive AMD-red LED fansUnique side panel window with AMD dragon graphicsUnprecedented airflow from up to 2 huge fansNext generation control center for tuning your lights and fansStormGuard - ground-breaking security system for safeguarding your gaming peripheralsConvenient handle and foot stand for fast and efficient mobilization and relocation
D9178730	When it comes to beautiful performance, things can get a bit ugly. The XFX Radeon HD 4650 is a little energy saver that can play games at lower resolutions while also offering excellent HD video decoding. Add full HDMI and DisplayPort capabilities and you've got more than a casual gaming experience.
D9178731	GeForce 9600GT features twice the precision of prior generations for incredibly realistic lighting effects — now with support for anti-aliasing.NVIDIA's third-generation GPU architecture built for Windows Vista gives users the best possible experience with the 3D graphical user interface in the upcoming operation system (OS) from Microsoft.Blazing-fast RAMDACs support dual QXGA displays with ultra-high, ergonomic refresh rates - up to 2048x1536 85Hz.Able to drive the industry's largest and highest resolution flat-panel displays.Capable of supporting digital output for high resolution monitors (up to 2560x1600).World’s first DirectX 10 GPU with full Shader Model 4.0 support delivers unparalleled levels of graphics realism and film-quality effects.GeForce 9600GT smoothly playbacks H.264, MPEG-2, and WMV video — including WMV HD — with minimal CPU usage so the PC is free to do other work.NVIDIA ForceWare Unified Driver Architecture (UDA) delivers a proven record of compatibility, reliability, and stability with the widest range of games and applications. ForceWare provides the best out-of-box experience and delivers continuous performance and feature updates over the life of NVIDIA GeForce GPUs.NVIDIA Lumenex Engine delivers stunning image quality and floating point accuracy at ultra-fast frame rates.NVIDIA nView multi-display technology provides the ultimate in viewing flexibility and control for multiple monitors.Advanced shader processors architected for physics computation enable a level of physics effects to be simulated and rendered on the GPU — all while freeing the CPU to run the game engine and AI.NVIDIA SLI technology delivers up to 2x the performance of a single GPU configuration for unparalleled gaming experiences by allowing two graphics cards to run in parallel. The must-have feature for performance PCI Express graphics, SLI dramatically scales performance on over 60 top PC games.Massively multi-threaded architecture supports thousands of independent, simultaneous threads, providing extreme processing efficiency in advanced, next generation shader programs.
D9178738	Iiyama's ProLite Business LCD, the B2409HDS is the latest product to follow the true HD resolution of 1920 x 1080. The Business Line models come with height adjustable and portrait mode base, complimented by a slim bezel design. The incredible 2msec response time and 20,000:1 contrast ratio panel ensures vibrant images and blurs free Video. Triple Input support of analog, DVI and HDMI ensures compatibility with the latest installed graphics cards and embedded Notebook outputs!
D9180063	O!Play HDP-R1 provides the easiest way to enjoy HD content in the living room.HDP-R1 takes the trend to bring new HD experience to viewers in the living room. Simply connecting your O!Play HD Media Player via HDMI, users will witness the vivid and vibrant video coming to full wonder.With exclusive RMVB support on HDP-R1, users do not have to worry about the compatibilities of file format. To most of the video, music and picture formats, HDP-R1 let users plug in their storage and enjoy the show.HDP-R1 is the first HD media player to provide music shuffle function with a dedicated button on the remote control. Just one touch from a distance, O!Play accesses all the music files on the storage and then start playing the music randomly.
D9180327	Marketing description is not available.
D9180402	Marketing description is not available.
D9180448	Marketing description is not available.
D9181841	Marketing description is not available.
D9181842	Marketing description is not available.
D9182223	Marketing description is not available.
D9182224	Marketing description is not available.
D9182304	Enviable style and epic sound, the mix for iPhone and iPod brings the house down. Pumping your anthems from specially engineered tweeters and mid-range drivers, this sound system Altec Lansing IMT800 delivers towering volume and perfect clarity from the heart of every party. The XdB bass-enhanced 5.25" side-firing subwoofer packs a heavy punch, pumping thunderous bass to shake the foundations. Let your friends jump in by connecting up to three different sound sources. Join the crowd and still control the playlist with the clip-on remote that can be hooked onto your jeans.
D9182305	An update of the best-selling iM600, the inMotion Classic sets the standard for sound and size.
D9182396	M59 delivers optimal airflow with 5 powerful fans with the option to station two fans on the top (rifle bearing side 120mm LED fan and rear 120mm exhaust included), side intake for GPU cooling, a mesh front panel and a bottom mounted PSU draws cooler air from the bottom of the case. The sleek aesthetics are highlighted by an all black interior and smoked clear window along with a 5.25" stealth bay gives a clean, but powerful presence. NZXT enhances the PC building experience with features that help make the installation process as painless as possible with pre-drilled water cooling holes and punched holes in the motherboard allowing for quick CPU bracket removal and immaculate wire routing. Additional advanced features include space for two SSD drives and higher end 10.5" graphics cards along with an ambient night light sitting over the 5.25" drives for constant visibility in dark rooms or at LAN parties.
D9185826	Marketing description is not available.
D9189087	The P45T-C41 mainboard is based on Intel P45 and ICH10 chipsets for optimal system efficiency. Designed to fit the advanced Intel processor, the P45T-C41 delivers a high performance and professional desktop platform solution.
D9189088	Active Phase SwitchingMSI easy OC switchMSI M-FlashCool'n'Quiet technologyMSI all solid capacitorsTrue Blu-ray Audio
D9189089	Faster and flexible and instantIf BIOS crash, it still can boot from USB DriveUpdate BIOS from USB Drive by M-Flash FunctionLonger lifespan than electrolytic capacitorsEndurable to operate under higher frequency & temperatureProvide Stable Power for CPUAMD Cool'n'Quiet technology
D9190443	This robust color and mono print solution offers outstanding performance and reliability - with the flexibility, security and control that busy corporate and business workgroups require.
D9191602	Marketing description is not available.
D9193652	The NVIDIA GeForce 9 Series GPU enables full-throttle lifelike game play while providing optimal power management with HybridPower technology. The PureVideo HD engine delivers unmatched video quality while the NVIDIA PhysX technology pushes the limit in ultra realistic game play. And with SLI compatibility, provides amplified performance when coupled with NVIDIA nForce SLI-ready motherboards. Dollar-for-dollar, this GPU packs great performance.
D9193896	The thinnest wide-angle IXUS ever, the 12.1 megapixels Digital IXUS 120 IS conceals a 28mm wide-angle lens, a 4x optical zoom with optical IS and a 2.7-inch PureColor LCD II display in a stylish metal body.
D9194219	Marketing description is not available.
D9200257	Taking 3 enormous steps towards realistic gaming, the XFX Radeon HD 5850 with Eyefinity technology, gives the first-ever wrap-around in-picture experience to fully immerse yourself in the game, or maximize your productivity at work. Additionally, with ATI Stream technology, boost your systems performance by offloading tasks originally sent to your CPU, to your GPU and max out your settings with the first ever full support for Microsoft Directx 11.
D9200258	Taking three enormous steps towards realistic gaming, the XFX Radeon HD 5870 with Eyefinity technology, gives the first-ever "wrap-around" in-picture experience to fully immerse yourself in the game, or maximize your productivity at work. Additionally, with ATI Stream Technology, boost your system's performance by offloading tasks originally sent to your CPU, to your GPU and max out your settings with the first ever full support for Microsoft Directx11.
D9200362	True Blu-ray AudioMSI Active Phase SwitchingMSI USB SafeguardUser friendlyATI CrossFireX
D9200364	Marketing description is not available.
D9200988	Print, copy, scan and fax on a wide range of paper sizes up to 11" x 17". The MFC-6890cdw also includes duplex printing at 8.5" x 11", wireless (802.11b/g) and Ethernet network interfaces and a TouchScreen 4.2" color LCD display. Work more efficiently with 350-sheet total capacity dual paper trays and high-yield ink cartridges.
D9201422	Welcome to Sapphire's HD5800 series pages. Here you can find out all you need to know about the best graphic solution available on the planet, the HD5800 series. Expand your visual real estate across up to three displays and get lost in the action with revolutionary ATI Eyefinity technology. Using ATI Stream technology, accelerate even the most demanding applications and do more than ever with your PC.
D9201423	Welcome to Sapphire's HD5800 series pages. Here you can find out all you need to know about the best graphic solution available on the planet, the HD5800 series. Expand your visual real estate across up to three displays and get lost in the action with revolutionary ATI Eyefinity technology. Using ATI Stream technology, accelerate even the most demanding applications and do more than ever with your PC.
D9203047	Marketing description is not available.
D9208730	PRODUCT FEATURES:956 million transistors on 55nm fabrication processPCI Express 2.0 x16 bus interfaceMicrosoft DirectXR 10.1 supportUnified superscalar shader architecture128-bit floating point precision for all operationsDynamic geometry accelerationMulti-sample anti-aliasingPercentage Closer Filtering (PCF)Depth and stencil texture (DST) format supportShared exponent HDR texture format supportOpenGL 2.0 supportATI Avivo HD video and display platformATI PowerPlay technologyATI CrossFireX multi-GPU technology
D9208733	242 million transistors on 55nm fabrication processPCI Express 2.0 x16 bus interfaceGDDR3/DDR3/DDR2 memory interfaceMicrosoft DirectX 10.1 supportUnified superscalar shader architectureDynamic geometry accelerationOpenGL 2.0 supportAdvanced power management technology for optimal performance and power savingsPerformance-on-DemandScale up rendering performance and image quality with two GPUsIntegrated compositing engine
D9208734	242 million transistors on 55nm fabrication processPCI Express 2.0 x16 bus interfaceGDDR3/DDR3/DDR2 memory interfaceMicrosoft DirectX 10.1 supportUnified superscalar shader architectureDynamic geometry accelerationOpenGL 2.0 supportAdvanced power management technology for optimal performance and power savingsPerformance-on-DemandScale up rendering performance and image quality with two GPUsIntegrated compositing engine
D9212411	Marketing description is not available.
D9212920	The attractive, slim design of the LG Super-Multi GP08LU11 external optical disc drive trims the unnecessary bulk making it very portable. Simply plug via USB and burn CDs at 48x and DVD±Rs at 20x speeds. LightScribe direct disc labeling gives you the ability to etch customized labels onto a special coated LightScribe disc.
D9212932	Internal BD-ROM/DVD rewriterWorld's fastest BD-R read speed of 8x
D9213021	Marketing description is not available.
D9213022	Marketing description is not available.
D9222370	Exclusive Voltage Tweak technology to increase up to 17% performanceEyefinity technology for 3-monitor outputHDMI and DisplayPort output supportPCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportASUS SplendidASUS gamer OSDASUS Smart DoctorMicrosoft DirectX 11 supportHDCP compliantATI CrossFireX technologyDual-link DVI supportATI PowerPlay technology
D9222372	Integrated support for HDMI 1.3a with Native HDMILow profile design with low profile bracket bundledNVIDIA GeForce 210Full Microsoft DirectX 10.1 supportHDCP compliant
D9222373	Integrated support for HDMI 1.3a with native HDMILow profile design with low profile bracket bundledPCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportFull Microsoft DirectX 10.1 supportHDCP compliant
D9222453	Exclusive Voltage Tweak technology to increase up to 38% performanceGigantic 1GB DDR5 for incredible gaming performanceHDMI and DisplayPort output supportPCI Express and PCI Express 2.0 supportASUS SplendidASUS gamer OSDASUS Smart DoctorMicrosoft DirectX 11 supportEyefinity technology for 3-monitor outputHDCP compliantATI CrossFireX technologyDual-link DVI supportATI PowerPlay technology
D9222827	Marketing description is not available.
D9224055	Prepare to experience a riveting high-definition gaming experience with Club 3D HD5870 graphics card. Expand your visual real estate across up to three displays and get lost in the action with revolutionary ATI Eyefinity technology.
D9224056	Prepare to experience a riveting high-definition gaming experience with Club 3D HD5850 graphics card. Expand your visual real estate across up to three displays and get lost in the action with revolutionary ATI Eyefinity technology. Using ATI Stream technology, accelerate even the most demanding applications and do more than ever with your PC. The first to deliver full support for Microsoft DirectX 11, these graphics card enables rich, realistic visuals and explosive HD gaming performance so you can dominate the competition.
D9224370	Marketing description is not available.
D9224703	With global resources becoming scarcer and the impact the demands have made on the planet becoming increasingly visible, green computing has become a critical issue in recent times. The VH196S LCD monitor adopts green power technology which uses just two lamps to save 33% power consumption and an advanced optical film to ensure brilliant image performance without sacrificing brightness.
D9224849	Marketing description is not available.
D9229200	The Corsair Cooling Hydro Series H50 CPU cooler gives you the power of liquid cooling in a compact, easy-to-install package. You get superior cooling for higher overclocking performance without the complexity of traditional liquid-cooling systems.Air-based CPU coolers simply aren't as efficient as water coolers, and can take up too much valuable space. The compact, closed-loop Hydro Series H50 takes your CPU's temperature to new lows and takes up less room doing it.
D9233204	One of Altec Lansing's smallest computer audio systems is also one of its most serious performers. The Expressionist Classic is stylishly designed with unique cylindrical cabinets to house its carefully selected 3-inch drivers. This compact, visually intriguing system is up to the most demanding audio challenges you give it - videos, games, music, movies, webcasts, podcasts and more.
D9233720	The compact, lightweight Orbit-M speaker system is an ideal mobile phone companion when you want a break from headphones. Or slip it out of a pocket or purse for an attention-getting way to share your tunes anytime, anywhere. The full-bodied, 360-degree sound will make your friends wonder where the speakers are. And with its long battery life, the music keeps playing long into the night.
D9233759	Marketing description is not available.
D9234431	Ideal secondary/replacement power solution for mobile users, at home and in the officeCompact, slim design and light weightBuilt-in over/under and short circuit protection to prevent laptop computer damageOutput power 90W max
D9234565	Marketing description is not available.
D9234879	Marketing description is not available.
D9237099	Marketing description is not available.
D9237102	Marketing description is not available.
D9237151	Flash Survivor GT is an extremely durable, water resistant, drop-tested flash USB memory drive. By design it is perfect for transporting valuable data such as personal files, photos and applications without having to worry about damage or loss of data due to the elements.The high performance Flash Survivor GT is the safest way to manage, transfer and transport your important data. The Flash Survivor GT is almost indestructible. Encapsulated in CNC-milled aircraft aluminum to withstand the toughest abuse, after multiple destruction tests the Survivor continues to function and protect your data. Third party torture tests have included baking, boiling, freezing the Survivor GT, and even having a truck drive over it.
D9237152	Flash Survivor GT is an extremely durable, water resistant, drop-tested flash USB memory drive. By design it is perfect for transporting valuable data such as personal files, photos and applications without having to worry about damage or loss of data due to the elements.The high performance Flash Survivor GT is the safest way to manage, transfer and transport your important data. The Flash Survivor GT is almost indestructible. Encapsulated in CNC-milled aircraft aluminum to withstand the toughest abuse, after multiple destruction tests the Survivor continues to function and protect your data. Third party torture tests have included baking, boiling, freezing the Survivor GT, and even having a truck drive over it.
D9241832	Marketing description is not available.
D9241837	Marketing description is not available.
D9241842	This motherboard supports the Intel Lynnfield processors in LGA1156 package which has memory and PCI Express controller integrated to support 2-channel (4 DIMMs) DDR3 memory and 16 PCI Express 2.0 lanes providing great graphics performance. Intel Lynnfield processor is one of the most powerful and energy efficient CPU in the world.The Intel P55 Express chipset is the latest one-chipset design to support latest 1156 socket Intel Core i7/Core i5 processors. Intel P55 providing improved performance by utilizing serial point-to-point links, allowing increased bandwidth and stability.The motherboard features the ASUS O.C. Profile that allows users to conveniently store or load multiple BIOS settings. The BIOS settings can be stored in the CMOS or a separate file, giving users freedom to share and distribute their favorite overclocking settings.
D9241843	O.C. DDR2 1200Hybrid CrossFireX supportPCIe 2.0 supportEPUTurbo KeyExpress GateCrashFree BIOS 3EZ Flash 2MyLogo2ASUS Q-Fan
D9241844	O.C. DDR2 1200Hybrid CrossFireX supportHDMI supportPCIe 2.0 supportEPUTurbo KeyExpress GateCrashFree BIOS 3EZ Flash 2Anti-Surge ProtectionMyLogo2ASUS Q-FanS/PDIF-out on back I/O port
D9241845	Marketing description is not available.
D9241846	Marketing description is not available.
D9241848	Xonar U1 transcodes any stereo source into Dolby Headphone, Virtual Speaker, and 5.1-channel Dolby Digital & Pro-Logic II surround sound. It also supports DirectSound, EAX, OpenAL for best gaming in Windows Vista and XP.
D9243245	Marketing description is not available.
D9243246	Marketing description is not available.
D9243247	Marketing description is not available.
D9243248	Marketing description is not available.
D9243249	Marketing description is not available.
D9243251	Marketing description is not available.
D9243252	Marketing description is not available.
D9243253	Marketing description is not available.
D9243547	Marketing description is not available.
D9243548	Marketing description is not available.
D9243550	Marketing description is not available.
D9243551	Marketing description is not available.
D9243552	Marketing description is not available.
D9245015	Marketing description is not available.
D9245018	Marketing description is not available.
D9245454	Marketing description is not available.
D9247920	The thinnest wide-angle IXUS ever, the 12.1 megapixels Digital IXUS 120 IS conceals a 28mm wide-angle lens, a 4x optical zoom with optical IS and a 2.7-inch PureColor LCD II display in a stylish metal body.
D9248167	The Razer DeathAdder is the world's first 3G infrared sensor gaming mouse. This ultimate gaming mouse with ergonomic right-handed design provides maximum comfort during intensive gameplay, and will send enemies scurrying for cover.
D9248631	Marketing description is not available.
D9248632	Marketing description is not available.
D9250732	MSI is proud to introduce the MSI NX8400GS series. The new graphic cards are based on the nVidia 8400GS GPU and are the lowest cost DirectX10 solutions at the moment and will be available with passive or active cooler. The MSI NX8400GS-TD256EH is a passive cooled, low profile graphic card that is ideal for multimedia purposes. With the PureVideo HD Technology it is possible to play HD-DVD and Blu-Ray in high quality and using less CPU and power. With this technology entry-level systems are able to play high definition videos. Other multimedia features are HDCP and HDMI support through DVI.
D9250733	Wind Top AE2200 offers the touch screen function along with an easy and friendly user interface, MSI Wind Touch; you can simply touch the screen to access all PC functions. Wind Top AE2200 also considers user's needs by four sorting categories: Work, Fun, Tool, and Web. You can browse all of the options through your finger tips across the screen and start programs by touching the graphic icons. The next-generation PC control won't get any easier than this.The embedded high-pixel webcam, high quality microphone and 2 sets of surround sound speakers are all ready for the most popular instant messaging and quality video call.Wind Top AE2200 includes HDMI-in (Monitor Mode) and VGA-out (Dual Display) and comes with powerful graphic performance. Wind Top 2200 is the complete entertainment unit anyone can wish for. E-SATA input gives you the speed to transfer data in another level.The 16:9 aspect ratio can add 14% more viewing area compared to the regular 16:10 dispay. It can also avoid the black blocks on the top and bottom of the screen. It is perfect to deliver high-definition video with up to 160º viewing angles. Along with the built-in 2.0 speakers featured with the latest SRS Premium Sound technology, its amazing 3D audio no doubt can get you in the home heater environment while enjoying the movie.Unlike the awkward techie design, Wind Top AE2200 was created in a trendy eye-catching design which lets a desktop PC can also be part of your home decoration and life style. It also saves space and adds more fine taste to your personal environment. Elegant leather design display the yippy side of you.AE2200 only needs 200 watts of power while in full operation, which saves up to 48% of power compared to a traditional PC, achieving the perfect balance between efficiency and power usage.There is no need to worry about the fan noises like traditional PC! AE2200 uses the latest cooling technology to control the noise level no more than 26 decibels, which is as quiet as a library, for creating the most comfortable working and e-learning environment.
D9250734	The look of MSI Wind Top AE2010 has incorporated leather in its design for a further sense of fashion. Expressing individual taste, transforming the dull and boring image of the personal computer to a product of elegance and fashion, bringing much more style and texture to your surroundings both at home and at work!AE2010 features 20-inch widescreen LCD and embeds the AMD chipset in. It enables users to deliver a high definition theater experience.Other than the regular VGA out functions, the AE2010 also supports VGA in, so you can display images on the widescreen of the AE2010 at anytime.
D9250735	MSI keeps the innovative technology and the chic style alive with the Wind Top AE2220. This sleek multi-touch all-in-one computer is the first to be specifically tailored for the digital home lifestyle. Users will certainly be delighted at just how fun and easy it is to use the Wind Top AE2220.The Wind Top AE2220 comes with a 21.6" 16:9 aspect ratio widescreen display. Leading the way in the industry, the beautiful screen uses a multi-touch panel to give you a more natural and responsive interface.The AE2220's LCD screen resolution is a high 1920 x 1080, providing the stunningly crisp high-definition video so users can enjoy the latest in video quality technology.
D9250736	The 7.1-channel audio output offers a multi-channel and surrounding experience while playing a media player or gaming. It doesn't matter if you are listening to the latest hit music or watching a DVD, the DE200 will offer the most precise sound.The Wind Box offers the high resolution and multi-media HDMI function, so you can choose to enjoy the widescreen experience at anytime. The accuracy of colors and images will leave any viewer totally speechless.
D9250737	The Wind Box understands high definition regardless its size. The 1080P Full HD display function can show you what "realism" really is by putting you right inside the classiest theater.The 7.1-channel audio output offers a multi-channel and surrounding experience while playing a media player or gaming. It doesn't matter if you are listening to the latest hit music or watching a DVD, the DE200 will offer the most precise sound.The Wind Box offers the high resolution and multi-media HDMI function, so you can choose to enjoy the widescreen experience at anytime. The accuracy of colors and images will leave any viewer totally speechless.
D9250739	Marketing description is not available.
D9251210	Marketing description is not available.
D9257810	The ProLite E2407HDS is an HDCP compliant product from Iiyama to now feature 'the true' 16:9 high definition 1920 x 1080 native resolution. Complimented with a blistering 2ms response rate and 10,000:1 advance contrast ratio the E2407HDS really is, in a class of its own. Its triple input configuration of traditional analog, DVI and the HDMI guarantees compatibility to all modern PCs, games consoles, etc. Finished in a stylish design, the E2407HDS is sure to stand out amongst the crowd!
D9258050	The thinnest wide-angle IXUS ever, the 12.1 megapixels Digital IXUS 120 IS conceals a 28mm wide-angle lens, a 4x optical zoom with optical IS and a 2.7-inch PureColor LCD II display in a stylish metal body.
D9258694	Marketing description is not available.
D9265209	Marketing description is not available.
D9265210	Marketing description is not available.
D9265212	Loaded with the features, the ATI Radeon HD 4600 Series graphics cards deliver a level of gaming performance previously only found in high-end graphics cards. Redefine the way you play HD games and enjoy unprecedented levels of graphics realism powered by 320 stream processing units, support for Microsoft DirectX 10.1 games. Upgrade your graphics card and watch Blu-ray movies and play HD content with incredible visual fidelity or take your experience to another level with multimedia capabilities. Do it all with break-through energy efficiency that doesn't compromise performance.
D9265875	The thinnest wide-angle IXUS ever, the 12.1 megapixels Digital IXUS 120 IS conceals a 28mm wide-angle lens, a 4x optical zoom with optical IS and a 2.7-inch PureColor LCD II display in a stylish metal body.
D9265964	Marketing description is not available.
D9266043	Marketing description is not available.
D9266163	Marketing description is not available.
D9266164	Marketing description is not available.
D9268975	Marketing description is not available.
D9269201	Marketing description is not available.
D9269202	Marketing description is not available.
D9272707	With more gaming horsepower than ever before, the GeForce 200 series GPU's processing cores make games feel like the real thing. Its powerful NVIDIA PhysX technology creates rich, immersive physical effects with stunningly accurate realism. Experience absolute immersion and a 50% pure performance boost than prior generation GPUs with the GeForce 200 series GPU.Beyond the field of play, GeForce 200 series graphics cards seamlessly shifts tasks from the CPU to the GPU, allowing you to dive into the latest Blu-ray movie, surf the web in 3D, or transcode video to a personal video player up to 7x faster than traditional CPUs. Now you can work and play at full speed.
D9277710	Marketing description is not available.
D9278831	Marketing description is not available.
D9291061	Marketing description is not available.
D9291246	Marketing description is not available.
D9296682	LG BH08LS20 Super Multi Blue features 16x DVD+/-R write/read speed, SATA interface system and over speed writing technology (2x BD-R can record with 8x speed). Additional features include LightScribe Disc Labeling technology.
D9297296	Marketing description is not available.
D9317412	Marketing description is not available.
D9317413	Marketing description is not available.
D9317414	Marketing description is not available.
D9317415	Marketing description is not available.
D9317416	Marketing description is not available.
D9317603	PowerColor HD 4800 has adopted 55nm technology and is powered by ATI's Radeon HD 4800 graphics processing units. For HD 4850, it's equipped with 512MB of GDDR3 on a 256bit memory bus design, while the GPU and memory run at 625MHz and 1986MHz respectively.PowerColor HD 4800 series offer Microsoft DirectX 10.1, PCI Express 2.0, on-chip HDCP, built-in HDMI with 7.1 surround audio, and also with the support for Shader Model 4.1, Universal Video Decode 2, and ATI CrossFireX technology.With all the aforementioned 3D graphic features, PowerColor HD 4800 series assure users of an incredible visual performance while the same time generously providing Dual Dual-Link DVI and H.264, VC-1 and MPEG-2 video encoding program output support to deliver an unsurpassed image on a high definition 30 inch LCD with resolutions of up to 2560 x 1600. All in users have even more choices for experiencing phenomenal 3D entertainment.
D9317604	514 million transistors on 55nm fabrication processPCI Express 2.0 x16 bus interfaceMicrosoft DirectX 10.1 supportUnified Superscalar Shader ArchitectureDynamic Geometry AccelerationOpenGL 3.1 supportAnti-aliasing featuresTexture filtering features
D9317605	514 million transistors on 55nm fabrication processPCI Express 2.0 x16 bus interfaceMicrosoft DirectX 10.1 supportUnified Superscalar Shader ArchitectureDynamic Geometry AccelerationOpenGL 3.1 supportAnti-aliasing featuresTexture filtering features
D9317606	Marketing description is not available.
D9317607	Marketing description is not available.
D9317692	Marketing description is not available.
D9317693	Marketing description is not available.
D9317694	Marketing description is not available.
D9317695	Marketing description is not available.
D9379168	Xonar U1 transcodes any stereo source into Dolby Headphone, Virtual Speaker, and 5.1-channel Dolby Digital & Pro-Logic II surround sound. It also supports DirectSound, EAX, OpenAL for best gaming in Windows Vista and XP.
D9379784	Internal BD-ROM/DVD rewriterWorld's fastest BD-R read speed of 8x
D9379785	LG BH08LS20 Super Multi Blue features 16x DVD+/-R write/read speed, SATA interface system and over speed writing technology (2x BD-R can record with 8x speed). Additional features include LightScribe Disc Labeling technology.
D9393562	The ASUS EN9500 series utilizes Glaciator Fansink that is specially designed to effectively dissipate heat away from the graphics card. Much like real-life glacial storms, the Glaciator Fansink quickly transfers heat away from the GPU to lower temperatures by a whopping 13ºC in comparison to reference design boards.Keeping in line with ASUS' rock solid promise for quality, the EN9500GT series comes equipped with several solutions to ensure delivery of top quality graphic performances. With the EMI shield, 66% EMI Interference can be reduced for more stable signals; while DIP spring chokes lower temperatures in comparison to traditional tropical coil chokes. Additionally, the LF PAK MOS guarantees more efficient power and less heat production. In this way, users will be able to enjoy extreme performance and have peace of mind over their product lifespan - only with the ASUS EN9500GT series.
D9393564	Xonar U1 transcodes any stereo source into Dolby Headphone, Virtual Speaker, and 5.1-channel Dolby Digital & Pro-Logic II surround sound. It also supports DirectSound, EAX, OpenAL for best gaming in Windows Vista and XP.
D9434339	LG BH08LS20 Super Multi Blue features 16x DVD+/-R write/read speed, SATA interface system and over speed writing technology (2x BD-R can record with 8x speed). Additional features include LightScribe Disc Labeling technology.
